Applying AI in Market Analytics, various Supply Chain Entities to help our clients make better decisions to reduce costs and increase profits.   Read my blog for better understanding of how we do that and the whole pipeline of implementing AI in Market Analytics.
Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working experience in the Artificial Intelligence field, my expertise in technologies such as Python, R, SQL, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Tableau, Computer Vision, Pandas, NumPy, Sklearn, Flask
I am a Computer Science Graduate with a major in Data Science and experience in Predictive Machine Learning models and Data Pre-Processing. I have 1+ of experience in data wrangling, analysis and prediction using Python.,
I am a data scientist, cookie baker, hacker, and coffee-lover working at MassMutual in the Data Science Development Program.
With a keen interest in statistics from a young age, I have completed my undergraduate B.Sc. degree in Economics, Mathematics and Statistics, securing the first rank. I also pursued my Master's in Data Science in Liverpool, UK as a recipient of the British Council India 70th Anniversary Scholarship. I graduated with an overall distinction, including a distinction for my Master's dissertation.   My primary interest has always remained in sports, and the vast applications of data analytics in this field continued to become apparent during the course of my studies. This inspired me to focus my Master's thesis on the development of a live sports analysis model, using semantic analysis of web-casting text commentary for live detection of events and momentum shifts.  While pursuing my degrees, I have also completed internships and part-time jobs, including data collection, data analysis, content writing
Experienced Junior Researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in Python (Programming Language), Computer Vision, Data Analysis, and Mathematics. Strong research professional with a BS MS degree  Majored in mathematics and have a minor degree in biology from Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Thiruvananthapuram.,
Currently working as a Data Scientist at Datapravid.  #Worked as a full-stack developer at Zeksta Technologies.  #Done Internship during Masters at one bit private limited.  #Postgraduate from Pondicherry Central Univerisity Computer Science Department. #Interests are Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and Natural Language Processing.,
As a Data Scientist at BlackLine, I work to develop machine learning models for financial close solutions.  My research work focuses on innovating and designing applications using machine learning, specifically deep learning technologies. I am passionate about creating efficient solutions to solve challenging problems in interdisciplinary research areas.,
An avid learner and have recently completed master’s in data science from Northeastern university, Boston, MA. My interest lies in goofing around with data. The only focus is to get better at statistics, programming, wrangling, modeling, analyzing and visualizing data with each passing day.   	Languages:Python, R, Bash, SQL, C++ Machine Learning concepts:   Feature Selection and Dimensionality Reduction, Regression, Clustering
Data Science student and former data storage engineer seeking summer 2020 internship. Experienced developing software and analyzing data for physics and engineering projects. Values transparent communication and strong relationships with stakeholders to deliver impactful results.
BA in Mathematics with a demonstrated history in software development and data analytics.
SQL | R  | Tableau | SAS | SPSS | Advanced Excel | Quick Learner | Team Player | Business Analyst |  - 1+ years Financial/Accounting related working experience. - Bachelor’s Degree in Business and Psychology and Master's degree in Business Analytics. - Knowledge of data cleaning, application of statistical techniques, machine learning and model evaluation to enable data-driven decision making. - Experience in developing predictive performance, analytics models and algorithms. - Comfortable with change and working in a fast-paced environment. - Strong motivated self-starter with great communication and problem-solving skills.,
Junior Data Scientist working in the data science industry. Skilled in data cleaning and preparation using Python and working with a variety of modeling techniques to make predictions on future data.
Each day, I apply my machine learning and statistics expertise to derive key insights across various industries, including manufacturing, retail, financial services, and healthcare, for leading global organizations. I work on multi-disciplinary teams, with data scientists, data engineers, project managers, and subject matter experts, to provide impact for these organizations by exploiting their data.
Junior Data Scientist with nearly two years of relevant experience. Solving real-world problems.,
history of working in the computer software industry. SQL,Python,Tableau,web Developer,Data Analysis and visualization ,Machine (Deep)learning, ANN,CNN,RNN .Clustering analytics ,business intelligence,customer segmentation,forecasting companies behavior ,business analytics predictive modelling.
A committed Data Science and Machine learning professional able of providing Data driven solutions leveraging skills from3.5  Years of experience and knowledge in Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Deep Learning, Neural Network, SQL.,
An Enthusiastic Data Scientist, Proactive in nature, with 2+ years of experience in the Information Technology and Services Industry. Skilled in AI/Deep learning , Machine learning, Computer Vision, Statistics, Image Processing, Natural Language Processing and Web Scraping.
Data scientist and veteran leader.,
Masters in Mechatronics System Engineering with a specialization in Smart materials. Bachelors in Mechanical Engineering,
Biologist turned Data Scientist I am a recent Computer Science graduate with an extensive background in Biology. I bring solid experience in academic research, critical thinking, technical communication, scientific writing combined with discipline and attention to detail. I see an added value in the vision that cross-field knowledge and experience can bring. In my most recent training, I’ve acquired a set of core competences and skills for software development and data science. Being a determined, curious and goal-oriented individual I am looking for the environment that can provide mentorship and opportunities to sustain my drive to succeed.
Computer Science engineering graduate. Skilled in Machine Learning and Data Science using Python, R, Tableau, and SQL.,
As an entry level Data Scientist I aspire to build models that translate data points into business insights and also eager to use my skills and apply the same knowledge to real-world problems.  I want to expand my technical skills by working in an organisation with an opportunity in the Data Science domain.,
Data Scientist at AIG | Master's in Data Analytics from Dublin Business School Languages: C , C++ , Python , R Data Visualization: Power BI , Tableau. RPA Tool:UI Path Database:MySQL  Operations:Anti Money Laundering, Screening, Sanctions.,
Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Machine Learning, Statistics, Databases, Python, etc. Bachelor’s Degree with Honors in Applied Mathematics (Data Science Concentration) from University of California, Berkeley.,
Machine learning and Deep learning enthusiast with a passion for turning structured/unstructured data into actionable insights that helps in making better informed and data-driven decisions.  I enjoy working with data​: Data exploration, Feature engineering, Creating and Fine-tuning models, Predicting and Finding insights.
I'm currently a Junior Data Scientist at MassMutual.  I was a Mathematics and Data Analytics double major with a minor in Economics and an Actuarial Science focus at Denison University, graduated in May 2019.  • Technical Skills: R, Python, SQL, SAS, STATA, Excel VBA, Tableau, Google Analytics, GitHub, Mathematica, LaTeX, Bloomberg
I am passionate about using data science to improve marketing outcomes, with the goal of maximizing customer retention and optimizing the profitability of both online and offline marketing initiatives.  As former and current supervisors, co-workers and classmates will attest, I am self-motivated, have a relentless growth mindset, and while detail-oriented, consistently strive to look at the big picture. These traits have helped me to carry out sound, business-relevant projects, and to remain ahead of the curve in this quickly changing field.
My experiential learning journey started as an Intern  Informatica for 6 months, where I worked on Sales Order Data Mart with Descriptive and Predictive Data Mining using FP-Growth and Naive Bayes classifier.  , Following which I worked as a Systems Software Engineer  Infinera for 4 years. I worked on Chassis Simulator Platform, which taught me to shoulder various software development life cycle responsibilities and helped me groom as an all-around Software Engineer.  , With a passion to create a difference in the education field, I pursued my Masters in Computer Science  USC, to gain knowledge on AI, Data Mining, Machine Learning, NLP, Web Technologies and Information Integration on Web.  , In Summer 2016, I realized my baby step contribution towards my passion in EdTech
A highly versatile and energetic Data Scientist that's knowledgeable in Big Data, machine learning, predictive modeling and curiously learning the latest skillsets to stay up to date in the data science field.   Technical Skills: - Python, HTML, CSS, Javascript, Django, Jupyter Labs - Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Scikit-learn, Spacy, Keras, Tensorflow
Data Scientist | Machine Learning Engineer |
I'm a Junior Data Scientist at the MGM-owned premium TV network, EPIX. Being part of the data science team, I work closely with developers, product managers as well as the engagement team, use data science tools to uncover valuable insights as well as deliver better products, and report to the management board for advanced decision-making. My skill set includes database management, business intelligence, predictive modeling, machine learning, and natural language processing.
I am a data science professional with eight years' experience identifying patterns in large and complex data. I am well-versed in machine learning techniques and more traditional statistical methods, especially pertaining to time series. I have worked both directly for technology firms and as a consultant to government agencies and private enterprises. I enjoy working with small, diverse groups to carry out the data science process from conception through delivery.,
When you have mastered numbers, you will in fact no longer be reading numbers, any more than you read words when reading books. You will be reading meanings. Behind every successful business lies its ability to make critical decisions and a business can come along when it’s decisions are bolstered with well-founded insights and data  To further augment my knowledge in this domain, I have completed my Master’s in Data Management at the Illinois Institute of Technology, Chicago with a concentration in Data Analytics/Data Science.  Currently working as Data Analyst at Walgreens.  With the desire and passion to explore and extract patterns in data, I have been working on Python and R and been exploring various data analysis tools and packages.  Competencies: Data Mining, Python, R, Java, SQL, MySQL, Tableau
Self-Motivated.  Life-Long Learner. Data is everywhere, turn into actionable insight.  *Learn *Implement *Teach  A Passionate and Determined person who can adapt to any environment where projects involving different types of data, platforms, and techniques.,harshithas8,
Area of interests include Big Data Engineering, Database design and  Machine Learning.
A Data Science and computer science MS graduate with interests in  Machine Learning, Big Data and Statistical Analysis.  Seeking full time opportunities  assisting  a company turning data into actionable insights.   Skills: - Languages: Python, R, MATLAB, Java/Scala, JavaScript, HTML, CSS - Machine Learning Techniques: Supervised, Unsupervised, Neural Networks, Deep Learning, Regression, Clustering, Random Forests etc. - Databases and Big Data Tools: MySQL
Technology enthusiast with good exposure in C++, Python, Data Structures, Algorithms, Machine Learning and Deep Learning.   https://github.com/SumanthReddy9,
Passionate towards utilizing data science, machine learning, and big data techniques to solve real life business problems
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the Defense and Space industry. Skilled in Java, Microsoft Excel, C (Programming Language), Field-Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGA), and Talent Management. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Technology focused in Electronics And Instrumentation Engineering from sree vidyanikethan engineering college.,
Hi, my name is Emily Schoof   Competencies: Python, SQL, Command Line, BigQuery, MySQL, PostGIS, Statistics, Numpy, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Random Forest Classifier, Linear Regression
Computer Vision and Machine Learning enthusiast.,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Interpreting Data, Data Science, Java, Data Analytics, and SQL. Strong engineering professional with a Post graduation focused in Business analytics from International institute of digital technologies.,
Scientist with hands-on experience applying machine learning, deep learning, and other statistical techniques to solve business problems in various business verticals like sales, marketing, operations, etc by leveraging vast structured and unstructured data sources.  Experience leading and mentoring other data scientists as well as facilitating coordination between various teams to drive projects from ideation to deployment and beyond.  Creator of Virtual Office Hours 
Data enthusiast with strong analytical, creative and communication skills, along with a background in business development and finance. Proficient at drawing actionable insights from large data sets using tools such as Python, R and Tableau.  Technologies: Python | SQL | Tableau | Scala | Spark | R | Jupyter Notebook | Github | Excel | Google Sheets | Looker  Skills: Supervised and Unsupervised Machine Learning | Predictive Modeling | Data Visualization | Explanatory and Exploratory Data Analysis | Natural Language Processing  R Libraries: Dplyr | Tidyr | Knitr | Magrittr | Plotly | Ggplot2 | R Markdown   Python Libraries: Pandas | NumPy | SciPy | Matplotlib | Seaborn | Scikit-learn | Natural Language Toolkit | Beautiful Soup | Tweepy | Praw | Keras | TensorFlow  O/S: Windows | Mac | Linux Ubuntu,
I have fun predicting what the future will look and feel like, and I’m interested in companies that want to change it. I'm skilled at interfacing between people and computers. I can translate what code is doing into something intelligible by most humans, and can move backwards from English to bits. I learn quickly, adapting to the needs of my team and the skills demanded by my role.  Skills, tools I've worked with, buzzwords : Python, SQL, Redshift, AWS, Pandas, SKLearn, Machine Learning, Jupyter
I am a recent graduate from UC Berkeley with a degree in Applied Mathematics and a focus on Statistics. I am interested in data analysis and statistical machine learning, as well as data visualization. I am a competitive chess player and tennis player and am passionate about their logical intersection: Sports Analytics.
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Analytical Skills, Data Science, AI, Microsoft Office, Computer Science, Data Warehousing, Python, R, Excel and SQL. Strong information technology professional with a Master of Science focused in Computer Science with specialization in Data Analytics from Indian Institute of Information Technology and Management-Kerala(IIITM-K).,
Physics taught me that you can't passively observe the universe and hope to get anywhere -- you have to actively engage with it, scrutinizing every detail to learn the underlying story of what drives it forward.  The dynamic nature of physics is what makes it fun for me: you should never be OK with I don't know.  Data Science works in the same paradigm which is what drives me to start my career as a data scientist. When I'm not working I enjoy morning runs listening to Geopolitics podcasts or relieving stress in the gym, exploring new topics or ideas on the internet, or engrossing myself in a new Netflix series or video game.  Key Words: Data Science, Machine Learning (ML), Python, Statistical Analysis, Physics, Data Analysis, Business Intelligence, Predictive Modeling, Scala, Neural Networks
Having three years of experience in the industry and a background in Applied Mathematics, I am part of the MS in Data Science program at Columbia University. After a fantastic summer internship at Airbnb, I will graduate this December (2019), and soon I will be starting a new exciting position in California.  My primary interest is to understand human behavior through data. To achieve this, I use my substantial experience in Advanced Statistics and my knowledge of Machine Learning.  However, information is useless if it does not drive action. Consequently, I enjoy presenting my results to broad technical and non-technical audiences, with the conviction of improving any decision-making process.
Solution-driven Data Scientist with strong statistical and financial background and over 2 years of experience in data processing and cleaning, using predictive modeling and data mining algorithms to solve challenging business problems. Skilled in Python and core libraries (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Matplotlib/Seaborn, Scikit-Learn etc.), SQL, and data visualization tools such as Tableau. Strong organizational, project, and time management skills.
Seeking a data scientist position with significant project experiences in various areas. Including machine learning, data engineering, data mining, and data visualization. Extensive experience in data science, mathematics, and statistics. Solid programming skills in R, SQL, Python, Spark and etc.
Gold Medalist from NIT, Raipur and having 3+ years is seeking a full-time  position in an organization, where I will get the opportunity to work under the guidance of top- notch  professionals enhancing my knowledge and allowing me to come up with tangible results. My area of interest primarily lies in the field of Machine Learning,Data Analytics.  - Programming Languages: Python,R - Operating Systems: Windows, Linux - Skills: NLP, Deep learning,
Experienced data scientist.  Track record of developing and deploying operational analytics in the military and industry. Skilled in statistical and analytic programming, Systems Engineering, Life Cycle Cost Analysis, Operational Planning. Formally educated engineering professional with a  Ph.D. from Stanford's Management Science and Engineering Department and a Master of Science in Industrial and Systems Engineering from the University of Washington.  All of the opinions I express here are my own and do not constitute endorsement or consent of the United States Army.,isaacfab00
I am a data scientist. I am enthusiastic about Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing. My goal is to be a Principal Data Scientist in Next 3-5 Years. I not only emphasize on knowing more about Machine Learning but also Statistics, some aspects of Data Engineering and efficient use of data structures and algorithms which is the most essential cornerstone of my job.
Experienced and results-oriented technical professional and thought leader specialized in machine learning development, deployment, and integration centered around pipeline optimization. Skilled in solutions engineering and architecting, data engineering and science, software and systems lifecycle development, management, and orchestration. A trusted advisor to higher level management on opportunity reviews, competitive strategy development, sales and product objective and direction.,
By trade and by passion, I am a data scientist, an educator, and a consultant. These roles enable me to do what I love to do: empower others.  Professionally, I teach data science with General Assembly and am a managing partner with a consultancy. In these roles, I work tirelessly to share with others the tools and the knowledge to effectively and accurately leverage the wealth of data and technology at our fingertips.  I was raised with the ideal that service to others is among the most important things a person can do. From mentoring students seeking their path to assisting global non-profits through Statistics Without Borders, I volunteer in an attempt to pay forward some of the exceptional mentoring and support I have received over the years.,matthewbrems,
Project experience with the following machine learning/data mining algorithms: Regularized Regression, Logistic Regression, KNN, Random Forest, Naive Bayes, Support Vector Machines, Sentiment Analysis,  K-means Clustering, GBDT, FFM, etc.  -Strong hands-on skills in : R, Python, SQL, STATA
I am a Math and Data Science major at Cal Poly with a passion for finance, data science, and entrepreneurship.   Please feel free to reach out to me for any inquiries through Linkedin ,
I am a data scientist with a background in architecture and urbanism.  My current motivation is to use data to provide actionable insights into the planet's complex ecosystem of problems.  Check out my data projects on medium, published in Towards Data Science:
I developed over 15 architectural and urban design projects in a range of scales and sites from individual buildings in the United States and Europe to urban master plans in Asia and the Middle-East as an architect at Rem Koolhaas’ OMA.  My PhD research at the Royal Danish Academy of the Arts focused on analysis and projections of the recent international transformation of rural regions in terms of de-population, demographic shifts, and new modes of temporary living and networked working.   Skills include but are not limited to: -Python -SQL -NoSQL -Machine Learning (Regression and Classification Models) -Unsupervised Learning -NLP,
Skilled data scientist that understands the business value and also the mathematics behind implementing machine learning/deep learning models. I've used machine learning for decision making, assessing risk, statistical modeling, assessing performance, adding value to companies and my personal investments.
Data scientist with eight years of experience in structured energy finance. Proficient in transforming data into optimized business decisions.  Technical skills: Python: Pandas, NumPy, SciPy, Scikit-learn, Matplotlib, nltk, spaCy, Re, Selenium SQL/NoSQL: SQLite, Postgres, MongoDB Machine Learning: Supervised Learning, Unsupervised Learning, Neural Networks Systems: Git, AWS
J2 visa holder with a valid Employment Authorization in the US. Visa sponsorship is NOT required in the US.  I have a PhD in Physics plus 3 years of industry experience as a Data Scientist, amounting to 7+ years of data-related work. I had a key role in the international expansion of Neoway by managing projects with US customers. Also, I mentored Data Science Master's students on RandD projects in NLP, as part of the University of Columbia's industry affiliates program.
Learn End to End Data Science. I have exhausted the number of connections I can possibly have.,
Working as a junior data scientist and collaborating with various teams and individuals across Sherwin Williams. My strengths lie in data analysis, computer programming, discrete event simulation (DES), and partnering with subject matter experts to solve problems. I work mainly in R and Netezza, but am familiar with Python, JavaScript, and HTML/CSS development.  I am interested in new and emerging technologies and DLTs like Blockchain and using data to optimize a company's internal or external operations.
As a Data Enthusiast, I am deeply excited by the impact data mining and machine learning will have in solving previously realizable deep-rooted business problems. I want to be part of the revolution that is going to redefine how companies leverage data to provide never imagined extraordinarily personalized services and products.  The learning opportunity while building data products using statistics, big data and supporting technical infrastructure is what keeps me motivated.   Recent Data Science Projects: PROJECT 1: CLASSIFYING YOUTUBE VIDEOS BASED ON TEXTUAL DATA AND STATISTICS: ,Goal: Classification of youtube videos based on their comments and statistics. 
Self-motivated data scientist proficient in Python and R, with an academic background in Mathematics and secondary education. Professional experience includes four years as an account and sales manager in the Interior Design Industry in Sydney ia; U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of the Census as a Junior Analyst for Census 2010.
A focused, dedicated, self-motivated engineer working his way increasing his skills
Experienced as a Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Python , R , Machine Learning ,  Data analysis and Visualization Technique, Cognos and Statistics . Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.) focused in Computer Science from Kamla Nehru Institute of Technolgy.,
M.S. in Data Science Program graduated from St. Johns University. Seeking an opportunity in data science or business analysis field. Experienced with programming languages: SQL/MySQL(ETL), Python(NumPy, Pandas, NLTK, Scikit-learn), R, VBA. Proficient with Excel(V-Lookup, Pivot Table...) and Tableau. Excellent skills in data extraction and transformation, database manipulation, web data mining, data visualization, talented with creating predictive models(regression, classification
Proficient in using Python and R to analyze data and build machine learning models. Good at SQL, Hadoop, Hive and Spark. Familiar with Java and object-oriented programming. Currently looking for internship or full-time job in data analytics  and machine learning. 
DJ Patil has held a variety of roles in Academia, Industry, and Government.   He is Head of Technology for Devoted Health, a Senior Fellow at the Belfer Center at the Harvard Kennedy School, and an Advisor to Venrock Partners.  Dr. Patil was appointed by President Obama to be the first U.S. Chief Data Scientist where his efforts led to the establishment of nearly 40 Chief Data Officer roles across the Federal government. He also established new health care programs including the Precision Medicine Initiative and the Cancer Moonshot, new criminal justice reforms including the Data-Driven Justice and Police Data Initiatives that cover more than 94 million Americans, as well as leading the national data efforts. He also has been active in national security and for his efforts was awarded by Secretary Carter the Department of Defense Medal for Distinguished Public Service which the highest honor the department bestows on a civilian.   In industry, he led the product teams at RelateIQ which was acquired by Salesforce, was founding board member for Crisis Text Line which works to use new technologies to provide on demand mental and crisis support, and was a member of the venture firm Greylock Partners. He has also was Chief Scientist, Chief Security Officer and Head of Analytics and Data Product Teams at the LinkedIn Corporation where he co-coined the term Data Scientist. He has also held a number of roles at Skype, PayPal, and eBay.    As a member of the faculty at the University of Maryland, his research focused on nonlinear dynamics and chaos theory and he helped start a major research initiative on numerical weather prediction.  As an AAAS Science and Technology Policy Fellow for the Department of Defense
Currently working with data across various domains, focusing primarily on ease of interpretability of data using tools such as Power BI and Tableau. Indulging in the study of using the data for generating actionable insights and solve various business solutions.
Data Scientist, Machine Learning specialist with experience in both programming and data mining. Expertise in predictive analysis and identifying and solving business related problems.  Former Student - Athlete and I live by one simple rule. Give 100% effort or don't do it at all. This personal promise has changed my life and has taught me that passion ultimately drives my goals.,MattEvanoff24,
As a Bioinformatics Data Scientist at Greenlight Biosciences,  I employ Data Science and Machine Learning techniques for the integrative analysis of Next Generation Sequencing data using high-throughput methods. I enjoy answering compelling questions to enable discovery and novel insights from Big Data.  I am a certified Data science instructor at Carpentries and Datacamp. In addition to teaching Data Science and programming, I also teach software technologies such as Git, Docker, and Singularity.,upendra_35,
Tableau Desktop Qualified Associate, Dell EMC Data Science Associate and a Certified Scrum Product Owner.  •	Currently working on implementing Natural Language Processing in the Finance sector.,
A Data Scientist and software engineer with 4+ years' industry experience in devops, data pipelines, and analytics. Passionate in assisting a company turning data into actionable insights.   Skills: - Languages: Python, R, MATLAB, C, C++, Java, JavaScript, HTML, CSS - Machine Learning Techniques: Supervised, Unsupervised, Neural Networks
Experienced Business Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the management consulting industry. Strong business development professional with a Bachelor of Engineering (BE) focused in Computer Engineering.  Skills: Languages: R, Python, SQL, MATLAB, C, C++, C#, Java   Databases: Oracle 11g, Teradata, Microsoft SQL Server, Hadoop, MS Access, MongoDB  Tools: Tableau
Graduated from a double master's degree in Computer Science between my Engineer school in Angers, France and the Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago, USA. I have specifically designed my studies and experience to not only to develop my quantitative skills but also to challenge myself to become an expert in Data Science.  I'm a self-motivated engineer who turned data scientist with an insatiable curiosity for all things: tech, data, IoT, machine learning, Deep Learning. I have the ability to design analytics solutions from the ground up, with expertise in a range of data products, machine learning techniques, and software development concepts. I am able to leverage a fair dose of statistics and mathematics.  Machine Learning: Feature engineering, classification methods (random forest, Xgboost, Logistic Regression
Hi, I am Vyjayanthi but I also go by VJ!  Right out of college, with a Bachelor's degree in IT, I knew I wanted to continue working with technology but not in the web tech/software engineering domain. I started with product analytics and management at a software company. One of my key achievements here was using data driven decisions to make business recommendations towards the redesign of my product. These recommendations helped the company in increasing the user base for the product. This solely happened because I am someone who has the skills to deep-dive into the product not only from the corporate business side but also from the customer perspective. I am adept in identifying pain points from a user point of view. This is precisely when I realised I can leverage data, which is present in any and all industries, tap into insights that weren't explored before and benefit not only the company, but the consumer as well. A couple of experiences later, I am now a proud Master's graduate from the University of Maryland - go Terps! - looking to leverage my skills in an industry and company that is not only focused on their corporate standing but also the social good of the community. That is who I want to work for.  I am also dedicated to continued learning/education. With the evolution of technology, it is vital to stay at the forefront of that advancement. As a by-product of this belief, I hold an online nano-degree in Predictive Business Analytics.  Apart from my academics and career, I like to read (crime, mystery - Agatha Christie is my #1) and travel (I'm fortunate enough to have visited over 10 countries).  Tech Capabilities: R, SQL, Python
Working to make your data tell a story!!  Graduated from NIT Raipur in 2018, I am currently working as an Associate Data Scientist at Datametica on Machine Learning, Data Analysis, Deep Learning, NLP and Image Processing Projects.,
Self-motivated Machine Learning Engineer, Master’s in Statistics | DS at Columbia University with 2 years of ML and DL experience, skilled and experienced in statistical modeling and tests, ML, DL, Web Scraping, NLP, web development, Bioinformatics and Databases.
I have more than seven years of progressive data science and machine learning expertise, having spearheaded myriad data analyses from the ground up across numerous organizations, most notably spanning the following industries: law, financial technology, insurance technology, and education.  The common theme across my direct work with attorneys, CFO, CRO, CTO and CDO has been deriving highly impactful and results-oriented actionable business insights from data, as a senior data scientist.   For example, I helped numerous lawyers at Ogletree Deakins in estimating total liability exposure for clients associated with several multi-million-dollar, class-action lawsuits. In those 4 years, I also invented proprietary Monte Carlo simulation to predict the settlement value of multi-millions class action lawsuit - a first in the legal profession
Data Science Manager, lastly at Wayfair, launching the SEO Data Science initiative to improve webpage rankings organically. Formerly a Director at a hedge fund where I specialized in CLO tranche investments. Over the years I have enjoyed mentoring junior staff and leading teams of data scientists, quantitative analysts, developers and data providers in France, the USA and India on extensive modeling projects.   I studied mathematics and physics at leading French universities and attended MIT on a research exchange program during my master's degree at Mines ParisTech. I graduated with an MBA from Harvard Business School where I focused on Economics and Finance and a MS in data science from ENSAE. I am a native citizen of the European Union and the USA.
Working as a Data Scientist at Walmart Labs. Graduate student of Business Analytics at University of Texas at Dallas. Bachelor in Computer Engineering from Vishwakarma Institute of Technology, Pune, India. Former Junior Data Scientist at Cybage Software Private Limited for two years. I strongly believe in data driven decisions.
Resourceful, multifaceted water resources engineer turned data geek on a mission to make meaningful contributions in any way I can. With my grit and my unrelenting commitment to making a difference, I welcome every challenge that comes my way enthusiastically.  Having had the privilege to study, intern, volunteer, and work in seven different countries, I have been fortunate to learn from some of the brightest minds around the world. Through these experiences, I have acquired invaluable technical skills and developed swift adaptability to effectively collaborate with high-performing, cross-cultural teams.  My insatiable curiosity and self-teaching skills make me uniquely positioned to identify opportunities for innovation geared towards maximizing added value in different situations. Passionate about machine learning and working towards goals that have a positive, worthwhile impact on society, I aim to empower people to achieve more through ingenious solutions made possible by state-of-the-art technology.  --  PS: I would not have gotten to where I am today without the advice, help, and kindness of people I have encountered along the way. If I can be of any help or if you have a great idea you would like to share
Passionate about data science, engineering and machine learning. Computer engineering graduate from UC Irvine. I have diverse work experience including database management for an IT security company and web scraping,  database design and financial analysis for a financial services company and data pipeline building for an Insurtech startup. In addition, I have worked on many projects on the side involving computer vision, NLP and other interests.,
In transition from Web Development to Data Analytics and Business Intelligence.  Committed to constant Learning and Expanding my Skills, Knowledge, and Experience to be a better version of myself everyday and make this world a better place. Feel free to Connect, Suggest, and Collaborate.,
am a Data Engineer, with an insatiable intellectual curiosity, and the ability to mine hidden gems located within the large set of data. I have hands-on  experience in machine learning, Deep Learning, and statistics to draw meaning insights from the big dataset. I am good at communication and storytelling with data.,
Microsoft Certified Data Scientist with capability of translating business problems into research question, designing and conducting analysis, extracting insights that contribute values to business. Over 10 years of broad experience in Data Science, Business, Project Management, Engineering, Construction and Academia.  Expertise in implementing advanced Supervised and Unsupervised Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing algorithms and employing Exploratory Data Analysis, Feature Engineering and Feature Selection, Statistical Analysis and Modelling in Clustering, Classification, and Regression Predictive Analytics.   Solid foundation in  the area of Decision Modeling and Optimization techniques/Operations Research including linear, integer
Technology is something that has always amazed me and left me clueless.In the search for  answers I fell in love with programming. I freelanczed for startup's and gained experience in developing web applications. Simply put I'am a fast learner with a desire to learn more.
Enabling one of the largest tech giants with making smarter decisions by leveraging Math, Business expertise and Technology coupled with problem solving skills.
Autonomous vehicles enthusiast, prototyper and tinkerer. I love robots, space and building stuff.,Klintcho,
Scikit-Learn Contributor || Deep Learning Researcher || Data Science || Statistical Machine Learning || Reinforcement Learning || Business Intelligence || Algorithm Optimization || AI in Finance
I am a Data Scientist/Analyst and Biomedical Informatics PhD candidate with specialization in generating insight from data. I have experience developing data-driven analytical strategies that address meaningful problems. Skills: Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Python, Machine Learning, Data Mining
I am a highly detail-oriented, inquisitive and efficient individual. Quality and integrity are of utmost importance to me. I am a very passionate about mathematics and its real world applications, I am an enthusiastic learner. I am interested in Data Sciences and it's applications.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of prototyping and deploying production ready machine learning solutions
Experienced Data Scientist with over 3.5 years of experience in Data Science. Excellent reputation for resolving problems, conducting process improvement projects.Skilled in Python, Statistical Data Analysis, Natural Language Processing, Big Data Analytics, and Data Science. A strong business development professional with a Bachelor of Engineering (BE) focused on Computer Science And Engineering from Visvesvaraya Technological University.,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer networking industry. Skilled in Python, Machine Learning, NLP, SQL, Spark, Statistical Data Analysis. Strong engineering professional with a B.S. from UCLA in Applied Math and Computing and Master of Science (M.S.) focused in Data Science from U. of New Haven.,BrantYukan
Currently a Data Scientist on the Instagram Home team, Marlene has worked on key user-facing product algorithms like News Feed, and Instagram Feed and Stories ranking. Trained as a behavioral social scientist, she received her PhD in Political Science from NYU in 2017, where she worked on topics like the effects of information disclosure using methods like applied game theory and controlled computerized lab experiments with student subjects.  Her professional focus has been on the design and evaluation of AI models as well as the metrics and A/B tests that are optimal to understand their performance.
I am interested in challenging problems that involve software development and algorithms design. Currently, I am a Data Scientist at Fico.,
IndiaMay 3,Skill-sets:  NLP and ML techniques – Text Classification, Text Summarization, Analytics, Data Engineering, Visualization, Predictive Modelling, Decision Trees, Random forest, Bagging, Boosting,Clustering
A dedicated professional focused on reaching new heights by constantly improvising skills in the field of Data Mining, Machine Learning and Statistical Analytics. I enjoy problems in these areas, I find them challenging and I like solving them efficiently. Having expertise into solving around 10 to 12 predictive analytics problems from real world scenarios at high scale frequency of execution. I intend to gain expertise in Cognitive Science, Computer Vision and Advanced NLP techniques using deep learning.  Data Scientist with core experience in building automated solutions, about 6+ years of experience in industrial data science and analytics. passionate about applying technology, AI,ML, design thinking and cognitive science to better understand, predict and improve business functions towards delivering profitable growth.  Responsibilities: 1. Build predictive models, information/decision systems and basic prescriptive models using Machine Learning and Statistical Analysis 2. Strategizing the model development process at planning stage and implementing it at place to provide the data driven insights through experience, deep theoretical knowledge in ML and time bounded research:    -  Applying proper feature engineering, Defining the right algorithm and modelling approach    -  Model development
I am passionate about working with numbers and working with people, helping organizations capture the signal and sift through the noise. My diverse background and skill set in software development, statistical inference, data wrangling, data visualization and predictive analytics demonstrates that I have the ability to derive meaningful insights from data to drive business decisions.   Experienced in several professional team projects for Siemens and AnalytixLabs, including serving as project lead prepares me for leadership, creativity, strategic thinking, analytical and problem-solving skills. I make optimal use of available resources in a result-oriented environment and efficiently embrace new technologies, tools and work environments. My effective communication skills help me quickly adapt to multi-cultural work environments.   My analytics experience has enhanced by engaging in different academic and consulting projects at Marshall School of Business. I seek to leverage my skills to define, design and develop data driven solutions for challenging business problems.   Skills- Machine Learning: Supervised Learning (Linear/Logistic Regression, Decision Trees
I am an experienced analytics professional with a true passion for data science/data analyses. I am looking forward to applying my knowledge and a deep love for Mathematics/Statistics to solve challenging and exciting problems in industry using state of the art machine learning techniques.  I love analyzing data using these tools to create meaningful insights. I am looking for opportunities that would give me such problems to solve because I find it extremely gratifying to be part of a team that applies datasets to solve exciting problems using Machine Learning.  Skills: Python (Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Scikit-Learn), SQL, Machine Learning ((Supervised Learning: Linear/Logistic Regressions, Random Forests, Bagging, Boosting), Unsupervised Learning: K-Means Clustering, Hierarchical Clustering), Natural Language Processing (Sentiment Analysis and Topic Modeling), Frequentist and Bayesian Statistics
Data Scientist with experience in product development, marketing experiment, and go-to-market strategy. Passionate to wrestle with complex data and apply data insights to tell stories and solve business problems.  Programming: Python (sklearn, XGBoost, pandas, numpy, matplotlib), R, SQL Distributed Computing: AWS (EC2, S3, EMR), Spark (Spark SQL, Spark ML) Database and Visualization: Postgres
I really like machine learning , data science, urban farming, renovating my house, and riding bikes :)
I have 4+ years of professional experience in the analysis, design development and testing. Motivated by a desire to improve and participate in solving difficult problems. Dedicated to improving quality and giving my best effort in everything that I do. Graduated from the University of Utah in Information Systems with a concentration on Data Analytics and Predictive Modelling. Excellent academic credentials (GPA: 3.97) with a strong background in Math and Statistics and strong communication and presentation skills.  Tools and technologies that I have worked on: •	Analytical tools: Tableau, R studio, OBIEE, MS Excel, D3 JS, Adobe Analytics, Alteryx, R Shiny, SSIS, SSRS, Google Analytics (Certified) •	Databases: Oracle 11g, MongoDB
Strong passion and skillsets to solve user growth and engagement problems •	Strong product leadership ability to identify opportunities, build roadmap, influence cross-function, define metrics and drive execution •	7-year industry experience in building product and driving strategy with analytics •	3+ years of tech lead experience in building strong analytics team via mentoring, teaching, training, and recruiting,
My interests include Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing and other data science fields. I have past experience in some of these areas and I am keen to work on projects that offer learning opportunities and provide a platform to nurture my skills and knowledge.
September 30,A Data Scientist with a passion for turning data into actionable insights, and meaningful stories. Right from the data extraction until the final data product or actionable insights, I enjoy the journey with the data. A dedicated and determined person who can adapt to any environment which is quite evident from the cross-domain projects involving different types of data, platforms and techniques I have worked on. Apart from the skills related to data capture, analysis and presentation, I possess good problem-solving skills. Being from the computer science field is really an add-on to do things quickly and in a reusable manner. Along with Machine learning, I believe in Quick learning as and when needed.  Competencies: Data Science, Data Analysis, Machine Learning, Python Programming, Spark, SQL
January 14,Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the Retail, BFSI and Ad-Tech Industries.  Skilled in statistical software like R,  Python, Spark, SPSS, SQL and interested in Machine Learning, Data Mining and NLP. Strong professional with a Master’s Degree focused on Applied Statistics.,
Currently working in Zensar Technologies as a Jr. Data Scientist for last 2.9 years. And I am deeply motivated for ML and AI,
A passionate and self-driven researcher interested in data mining, big data analytics, and machine learning.,
Presented a research work at Workshop at NeurIPS (NIPS) 2018, Montreal  Invited teacher of “Deep Learning” course for MSc Students at KSE  Teacher of Computer Vision course for Master Students at UCU University, 2018  Contributed to an Open Source projects pretrained-models.pytorch, etc with 4K+ stars  Teacher of Deep Learning in Computer Vision part 2. Go deeper at Lviv Data Science Summer School, 2017   Won The Best project Award at Advanced Computer Vision Winter School at UCU, 2017  Mentor in AI Boost Hackathon, speaker at Kyiv Data Spring, Women Who Code, etc  Certified Scrum Master
I am a collaborative, driven, and multifaceted Boston College 2020 graduate with a B.S. degree in Biochemistry. Supplementing my time in university, I have dedicated my energies to meaningful clinical, research, and data analysis experiences. Beyond my degree, I have been engaging myself in learning Computer Science and Statistics concepts. Adaptive with high emotional intelligence, I work exceptionally well on teams, but also excel working individually and under pressure.,
Strategy-focused data scientist with 5 years of experience applying quantitative methods to interesting business questions.  I make very good use of my philosophy degree.
Junior Data Scientist and Industrial Engineer/Operations Researcher with 4+ years of academic/project work and industry experience. Combined data analysis and mathematical optimization to build production web services for assignment problems and real-time prediction. Industry experience in statistics, mathematical optimization, and computer programming. Dual degrees in Statistics (BA) and Operations Research (MS). Raised in snowy Minnesota.
Data Scientist seeking out interesting problems.,
I am a machine learning enthusiast and data scientist with over 2 years of experience building, training and optimizing neural network architectures to solve challenging problems using, but not limited to, tensorflow, pyrotch and pyspark. My graduate research in using Artificial Intelligence for legged robot locomotion led to a first author publication in the American Control Conference 2019. My individuality is reflected in my ability to integrate key aspects from various domains of my CMU graduate coursework into my work. I am currently working as a data scientist at Microsoft in the Cloud and AI division. I am looking to connect with other enthusiasts in this field to discuss research papers and undertake personal projects to help augment each other's skillset in this domain.
Researching small business dynamics at the JPMorgan Chase Institute. Passionate about using big data to inform decision makers, explain consumer behaviour and drive positive change. Experience include analytical work in retail, corporate and investment banking, as well as social science research.,
Self -motivated Data Scientist experienced in handling Big Data. Adapt at communicating with Business Intelligence team to report the key insights of data to assess organization needs. With a background in computer engineering and statistics. Core competencies include Data extraction,managing , analyzing and reporting.,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the retail and consulting industries. Skilled in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Statistics, and Visualization. Strong engineering background with a Master of Science - MS in Data Science from Southern Methodist University.,
Passionate about using data to advance people decisions.  Expertise: Strategic Workforce Planning; Retention analytics; Learning analytics; Employee value proposition; Organizational Health  Undergraduate background in Applied Math, Statistics, and Finance. CFA level I (passed)  Masters degree in Learning Analytics.,
Enthusiastic about Data Science, Machine Learning and Deep Learning. Skilled in Python, C++, PyTorch, TensorFlow. Strong educational background in Computer Science and Engineering from IIT Bombay with a CPI 9.11,
Data scientist and machine learning engineer. Worked on a variety of projects, from prototype/POC modeling exercises to production-ready systems builds, usually from scratch. Broad experience with statistical learning, machine learning, and deep learning, with a focus in natural language processing (NLP). Familiar with all stages of the machine learning model lifecycle.
Understanding how maths, business, and technology can help us make better decisions in the future is what I'm working towards. Business acumen is my USP, along with strong technical backing in Data Science tools like R, Python, SQL, PySpark. Having worked with chatbots, NLP, deep learning and machine learning, I am a fast learner enjoy working with the latest technology.  I am an extrovert and love meeting new people. Backed with a keen interest in Marketing and Finance, I am steadily honing my skills in various verticals to ensure that multi-domain exposure helps me understand real-world problems better. With top brands such as Mu Sigma, Kings College London
Experience:3-years: Python, R, Git, Machine Learning (ML) and Modeling; 1-year: C, SQL, TensorFlow and PyTorch; Experience using Spark, AWS, GCP, OpenCV, Numpy, Scikit-learn, Pandas, Tableau.  • Previous Roles: Machine Learning Engineer (GCP partner) and Deep Learning Researcher (UCSF).   • Publications: 2 publications on distributed ML and modeling. 1 publication under review in Deep Learning  (DL).  • Certificates: Deep Learning II, Deep Learning I
Data Science professional with 5 + years of experience. My current area of focus is unravelling consumer behaviour in retail/ecommerce using the ever evolving suite of ML/statistical models and empowering the business by building such insight generating data science products.,
I work as a NLP Data Scientist at GumGum where I tackle interesting NLP problems in the Digital Ads space. I graduated with Masters in Computer Science from Arizona State University with my thesis in the area of Natural Language Processing.  To pursue my interest in the Data Science and Analytics field, I have been focused in research in the area of Natural Language Processing. My Thesis is about improving Textual Entailment which is an important precursor to all Natural Language Question Answering systems. Other areas of my research work include Clinical Natural Language Processing(NLP) which involves applying the techniques of NLP on the Electronic Health Records to automate and aid various Health Care Domain participants.   I also worked part-time as a Data Analyst at Enterprise Marketing Hub in ASU tackling marketing use cases for ASU involving Text Analytics, Topic Modeling and building Dashboards, aiding the decision makers at ASU.  As an Associate Data Analyst in Sapient's Data Engineering and Analytics Capabilities team, I worked on building Predictive Models for Capital Market use cases at Sapient using Machine Learning algorithms and researched data-driven ideas for areas like Customer Segmentation, Hyper parameter optimization in Predictive Models, ensemble methods for supervised learning algorithms, Log Analytics, Inferential statistical analysis and developed interpretable models. Majorly worked on Python, R, Tableau and MySQL.   I joined Arizona State University in Fall'17 and graduated in August 2019 with my Thesis in the area of Natural Language Inference.   Graduation Course List: Statistical Machine Learning Multimedia and Web Databases Foundations of Algorithms Data Mining Topics in Natural Language Processing Mobile Computing Distributed Database Systems
I started my Computer Science Journey with Full Stack Android Programmer then switched to Data Science. My current work revolves around Research in NLP for vernacular Languages and also Deploying  ML/DL models to production.  I also host regular meetups in Bengaluru with the name Entirety.ai and Recently I have been selected as the  Event Ambassador for Pie and AI meetups by deeplearning.ai.,
October 2,In the short run, I enjoy analyzing data to reveal hidden business insights. In the long run, I look forward to becoming a data scientist to solve thorny real-world problems.   During the quarantine days in New York City, I've gained a deeper understanding of Python in the following topics:          -  OOP (object-oriented programming) and class 	- a greater mastery of Pandas and Numpy 	- the distinction between Object-Oriented and stateful plotting with Matplotlib 	- the beauty of Seaborn in statistical EDA (explanatory data analysis) 	- web scraping to get real world data and ways to access HTML tags and attributes  	- iterator, iterable, functional programming like list comprehension 	- Folium for creating interactive marker, cluster,  and Choropleth maps 	- Plotly and Cufflinks for presentation-level interactive visualizations  My next step is Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing (NLP).  Please find on my website with projects I've done in business/data analytics, data visualization, and exploratory data analysis (EDA). Let me know your thoughts!,
Mixed-methods data science researcher and leader. 7+ years experience in quantitative, qualitative social research and analysis conducted autonomously and collaboratively across project life-cycles. Skilled at collecting, analyzing, and interpreting large data sets, developing new forecasting models, and performing data management tasks. Experience in developing research designs and models utilizing experiments, survey research methods, statistical models, machine learning, creation of data regression models, using predictive data modeling, and analyzing data mining algorithms to deliver insights and implement action-oriented solutions to complex business and social problems. Focused DEI research and people analytics.   Technical/Analytical Skills: R, Git/GitHub
Professional experience of 3 years in Data mining and Machine Learning. Well partitioned in Data preprocessing and preparation, Feature engineering for both structured and unstructured datasets. Hands-on experience with the classification, regression and clustering Data science modelling. Working Experience in helping the business experts to get insights from the data level and business level understanding of the Machine Learning problems. Excellent knowledge in generating visualizations and have hands-on with Python, R, java. Familiar with working environments like RStudio, Jupyter notebook, Spyder. Understanding all formats of sensor data, raw data formats and data integration with enough experience in Internet of things [IOT].  Machine Learning skills: Natural Language processing, classification methods (naive bayes,random forest, Xgboost, SVM), clustering
PhD in Statistics with a broad background and a variety of skills including statistical learning and data mining, statistical data analysis such as multivariate data analysis, time series analysis and Bayesian data analysis, modeling and simulation of high-dimensional data, Monte Carlo Markov Chain (MCMC)  inference, Variational Bayesian (VB) inference, etc.
February 6,An Electronics and Communication Engineering Graduate with strong Programming background, well versed in Algorithms and Data Structures as described my colleagues, with experience in Machine Learning and Data Analysis, looking forward to join a fast-paced and innovative company.
My name is Qian CHEN.   By learning statistics for several years and participating in projects utilizing my knowledge, I have acquired valuable experience in designing and completing data reports providing actionable business intelligence related to the company's products and services.,
MassachusettsSeptember 23,MS in Data Science from NYU Center for Data Science. Expertise in NLP and Computer Vision.   As a Data Scientist at Fidelity AI Center for Excellence, I build functionalities for Chat bots and Search engines to help customers interact efficiently with Fidelity.  Publications: - Unsupervised Paraphrase Generation  - DARTS, Tool for Automatic Brain Segmentation 
Software Developer turned Data Scientist with 2+ years of experience using predictive modeling to solve challenging business problems in data mining and cognitive computing.,
Working backwards from the business goal, I ask the right questions. From building infrastructure to pipelines to presentation to production, I'm an end-to-end mover and finisher.,
I'm a novice data enthusiast, who'd love to eventually become a storyteller of data. I strongly believe that math and statistics are key to truly understanding what any data has to say, and strive to dive deep into the inner workings of algorithms.   I find working on understanding data with people towards a common, worthwhile goal, hugely enjoyable and rewarding. Throughout my work and internship experience, I was extremely pleased that as a team, we successfully implemented systems so as to solve challenging problems affecting living beings. No matter where I work, I hope to achieve a comparable team goal by working together on the challenging task of building machine learning and data visualisation models to the point of making data-driven, actionable decisions, thereby accelerating growth and client satisfaction.
August 8,I have a passion for all things research and data.  I have a great deal of experience dealing with large data sets, on the magnitude of petabytes.  I have demonstrated expertise in utilizing such data, following the scientific method to draw conclusions about various domains (technology, health, the environment, and politics), and into causing and seeing through various actions to be taken based upon those conclusions.  I am an expert at data processing, from schema design, to logging, to log processing, data storage, pipeline management, and utilization of that information to change the world.  I am passionate for automation of all repetitive procedures in order to save time and money.    Specialties: Large data set cleaning
I am passionate about driving change through data.  Interested in exploring areas of data mining, randomized experiments, machine learning, natural language processing and data visualization.
Have Problem? Will Solve.,
An experienced Databasesta Scientist and Software developer who loves Data Analysis and coding in python.  Expertise Include -  1. Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) using libraries like Pandas, NumPy, etc 2. Machine learning techniques using Scikit learn and keras. 3. Microservices Architecture and REST APIs (Flask, gRPC) 4. SQL, Cassandra 5. Data Visualisation using Tableau, Matplotlib, PowerBI
I am a fun loving geek! I am always inspired by how sapiens have used technology to overcome some of the barriers to evolution. I would someday want to work towards improving healthcare using AI to allow for quick and accurate identification and treatment of diseases.  Currently working as a data scientist at BERG Health to identity diagnostics and therapeutics for rare diseases based on patient molecular profile and electronic health records (EHR).,DarkestFloyd
Data scientist excited to use machine learning to explore data, find underlying patterns, and make more informed decisions. Fluent in Python, SQL, and statistical analysis is supplemented by analytic outlook learned through research and education as a bioengineer. Strong beliefs in growth, experimenting, and continued learning reinforced through successfully starting a martial arts school.
I am currently an MBA candidate at Kellogg School of Management where I am majoring in Finance, Entrepreneurship, and Management Science (STEM). I also work as a Data scientist at Northwestern University, Feinberg School of Medicine.   I am highly proficient and have significant experience in the areas of Data Science, Machine learning, Natural language processing and Deep learning. I have worked on several projects applying advanced analytics techniques to patient healthcare data and published research papers in leading medical journals and presented at international conferences. Some of my publications can be found here https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=JPKDrLoAAAAJandhl=en.  In the past, I have worked at Microsoft Research India, National University of Singapore and Google Summer of Code in various research positions. I have significant programming experience and am proficient in Python, R and Java.,
I am a young professional with an Industrial Engineering background who fell in love with data related solutions some years ago.  I strongly believe in software as a way of increasing productivity and improve the life quality of the employees, as well as the best tool to allow us to analyze the business problems, metrics, and results.  I’ve been lucky enough to work on roles that involved Data Analysis and Data Visualization frequently, and only after my Master's program, I’ve been experimenting with some mathematical modeling in my job to help us better understand some Public Transit patterns.
5+ years of experience as a Data Scientist embedded in various product teams, working with cross-functional partners and leading data foundations, product experimentation, exploratory analysis and machine learning to inform critical business decisions.   Looking for Sr. Data Scientist opportunities in tech in LA/SF.
I am a passionate Data Scientist and ML Engineer in Bloomenergy. I am passionate about building and deploying Machine Learning /Deep Learning models in multidisciplinary fields for effective marketing, Anomaly Detection, Fraud Detection,  reduction of costs among others.  My skillset range from  - Business and strategic acumen to solve real world problems. - Knowledge about Machine Learning, Deep Learning and statistical techniques. - Application of Machine Learning/ Deep Learning in Computer Vision, NLP and Image classification and recognition. - Python Programming. - Data Engineering for ingestion and transformation in Large scale systems. - Real Time Analytics using Streaming architectures.,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in both large-scale enterprises and smaller startups. Skilled in Machine Learning, Statistical Data Analysis, Statistical Modelling, Data Science, and Java. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) focused in Mathematical Sciences from The University of British Columbia / UBC.  Robust deployment capabilities ranging from customer-facing situations to solely product deployment settings to research environments.
University of Maryland graduate currently working and living in the New York City area. Focusing my career on using research and analytics to improve how industries and companies function. I'm a passionate sports fan and passionate about giving back to the community through volunteering and fundraising.  Proficient in: ArcGIS, Solidworks, Microstation, Python, R, SQL, Microsoft Office Suite, SAP Business Objects, Nielsen Soundscan,
Having knowledge on machine learning, data analytics, statistics, tableau .,
February 1,I enjoy making sense of large and messy data to drive decisions... or just make pretty graphs. In my past life I used these skills to design and analyze large solar concentration systems.,SunThermEnergy,
Experienced Senior Data Scientist with a demonstrated history working in the Internet industry. Skilled in Information Retrieval, Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing. Strong engineering professional with a PhD in Computer Science from the University of Maryland College Park.,
I'm a Data Scientist who can apply machine learning to address business problems by translating data into meaningful insights that improve user outcomes and experience.  I can help your data science team collect, manage, and manipulate large, complex datasets using machine learning and other statistical analysis techniques.  Here's what I can offer any company looking to get ahead using emerging technologies in machine learning and business analytics:  , Programming skills using R, Python, MATLAB, Java, HTML, and JavaScript;  , Ability to harness and manage raw data of any size using data management and visualization tools such as Spark, SQL, MySQL, SQLite, PostgreSQL
I'm not very active on LinkedIn. You can contact me at http://randalolson.com/contact  I'm the Chief Data Scientist at FOXO BioScience, where I'm building a data science team that is merging cutting edge epigenetics research with advanced machine learning methods to improve life expectancy prediction for the life insurance industry and beyond. I specialize in AI, machine learning, and data visualization, although I’m always learning something new to make myself more useful to my clients and collaborators. I regularly write about my latest work on my personal blog, where I've become known for computing optimal road trips around the world and solving Where’s Waldo?, among many other creative applications of machine learning. My work has been featured all over the world and in the news, including the New York Times, Wired, FiveThirtyEight, and much more.  I work tirelessly to promote open and reproducible science, leading by example and openly publishing my work on GitHub and open access journals. I'm also passionate about training the next generation of data scientists to be more efficient, effective
Alex is a Data Scientist at Deloitte, with 4+ years of experience in AI/ML, IoT, edge computing, cybersecurity, and cloud. Alex also leads Deloitte's EDGE Compute Lab.  Following skills include: Python, R, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, SQL, Google Cloud, Docker, Kubernetes
I am physical chemist, data scientist and using my skills to unlock the mysteries of nature preserved in meteorites, space rocks, aerosols, ice cores, and sediments. It is like being a detective to retrieve information about the past and present history of the planet and how humans and natural forces change the composition of the atmosphere. I love sharing my findings at all forums from peer-reviewed articles to public lectures and in magazines for the general public. I am passionate to use my knowledge in climate change and data science to assess climate risks and manage the disaster.,
I strive and live in the present, having learnt a multitude of lessons from my past and a desire to apply them in the future. I have a strong business acumen and love playing with numbers.  I aim to develop my decision making skills and nurture them to be data-driven.  I possess an appetite to gain knowledge from various fields and so - the next time we meet, probably you can tell me about your new idea, old friend or current job. I would love to reciprocate the same - Politics, Cricket and Stock-Markets.
Full stack data scientist with demonstrated history of working in demand forecasting, logistics optimization, industrial IoT and predictive maintenance. Years of experience in developing and deploying statistic and machine learning models, autoML engines and data pipelines. I'm interested in senior opportunity in applied machine learning and data science.
I wish to commit myself to Data Science and in building innovative applications .It is my desire to design, build and establish reusable Machine learning applications to address real-world data-intensive applications. - Education:  Master's in Machine learning and Computing, from the Indian Institute of Space Science and Technology (IIST), India.  - Research interests: Predictive-modelling, Data Science, Artificial Intelligence, Information-visualization, Natural Language Processing, Bioinformatics, Computer vision, Deep learning, Knowledge data discovery and Data-driven decision making to solve real world applications. - Tools: Python
Arkansas,Engineering and Finance background | Python, C++, MATLAB, R, Java, SQL, Spark, Tableau, A/B Testing, Stata, Scala
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY   Reputable leader and strategic developer with a successful background orchestrating start-ups as well as elevating organizational performance through skillful restructuring.  Recipient of multiple organizational awards for superior leadership, performance, and contributions.  Certified in SAP FICO and BW with diversified industry experience in SAP FI-CO, SD and MM.  Worked with team leaders and stakeholders to solve clients analytics problems using predictive analytics and Big Data.,
A Data Scientist with an experience over 6 years and a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. I'm passionate about product development, experimentation and diving deep to solve business problems. Skilled in Python, Tableau, AWS, PowerBI, R. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Information Systems Management focused in Business Intelligence and Data Analytics from Carnegie Mellon University - H. John Heinz III College.,sanymathew,
Have deep understanding and vast practical using of data algorithms for machine learning, classical mathematical skills with statistical background, practical experience in numerical modeling and comparing received results with experiments. Have above twenty years practice with developing and using software in different areas. Have considerable experience in cooperation with teams with different scientific, practical and IT background. Have unprecedented ability for gathering novel knowledge and experience. Doctor of Philosophy in Physics (Specialization – Physics of Charged-Particle Beams). Have a Master Degree in Applied Mathematics with honor.,
Experienced Lead Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. Passionate in deriving insights from large datasets and effectively communicating results to a non-technical audience.  Skilled in data aggregation, visualization, and model building for fraud detection. Focused on tools such as Python, Scala, and Spark. Strong information technology professional with a Master’s Degree focused in Information Systems and Data Analytics from New Jersey Institute of Technology. In addition to business acumen with a Bachelor's Degree in Business Management from Rutgers University.,
professional data scientist who loves to solve business issues using data,kevin_sun_91,
Having 5 Years of overall work experience in Industry. An astute professional with 2.5 years of work experience in Data Analysis, Prediction model building, time series and 2 Years in Project Management and Execution. Excellent understanding of business operations and analytics tools for effective analyses of data.,
I'm a Data Science Software Engineer who is equipped with experience in: effectively working on asynchronous remote-first teams, leveraging prior real-world business experiences, and utilizing my educational background of Machine Learning, Computer Science, and Mathematics. View the 90-second video introduction and resume on my website!  TECH STACK  Scikit-Learn / Machine Learning Engineering Natural Language Processing (NLP) AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Python Programming Language AWS Elastic Beanstalk / Heroku Pipenv / Virtual Environments Tensorflow / PyTorch / Keras Plotly / Seaborn / MatPlotLib SQL / PostgreSQL / NoSQL  Amazon RDS / TablePlus Command Line Terminal Docker Containerization Flask / FastAPI Github Workflow Pandas and Numpy Big Data Analytics Tableau / Power BI Dash Core Components Extract Transform Load (ETL) Data Lakes / Data Warehouses WordPress Web Development Figma Designing and Prototyping Microsoft Office and Google Cloud Suite Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)   PROJECTS  Better Reads — A Platform for Readers to Track, Share, and Discover New Books •	Used Agile and Scrum methodologies to iteratively deploy Natural Language Processing (NLP) models •	Practiced CI/CD via blue/green RESTful microservices on AWS EB to facilitate JSON post requests •	Launched and managed a PostgreSQL instance on AWS RDS to store millions of GoogleBooks data  Brain Power — Using Machine Learning and an EEG Device to Control Technology •	Built an application for the user to control light switches and thermostats with their brain •	Collected data from an EEG device and used Scikit-Learn to train a predictive model •	Deployed back-end Python get request API: communicate w/ EEG device, detect brain patterns  Flight Prices — Airline Pricing Analysis and Interactive Pricing User-Interface •	Tediously gathered 27M rows of data, wrangled/cleaned to 9M, uploaded data to Kaggle •	Built a front-end user interface dashboard for user to interact with a predictive machine learning model  Spotify Music — Recommends New Music Based on Your Favorite Songs •	Connected with Spotify’s API to harvest data (and metadata) about the songs in their database •	Built back-end Python API’s (get and post requests) to return predicted songs data to front-end  Global Glaciers —Geographic Visualizations of the Locations of Earth’s Glaciers •	Data exploration, story-telling with data, and unique data visualizations •	Combined data science with visual communication, moving GIF files, and graphic design
Looking for an opportunity that can enhance my analytical and machine learning skills and benefits the growth of the organization.  Skilled in Python (Programming Language), SQL, Data Analysis,  Strong information technology professional with a PGP focused in Data Scientist from Great Learning.  Enthusiastic data scientist eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational skills. Motivated to learn, grow and excel in organization.
No sponsorship required. EAD card holder.   Data scientist with 5+ year background in affiliate marketing, ecommerce, segmentation, targeting, cloud data infrastructure, for some of largest internet commerce platforms.  Using AI to understand what your customer needs with a focus on scale, ease of execution, and clear measurement.  Specialties: Python, SQL, Hive, Google Cloud Platform Engineer certified (Big Query, TensorFlow, Dataflow)
Data Scientist skilled in Scalable Machine Learning and Deep learning models , Spark, Python  with AWS . Enthusiastic in Quantum Machine Learning.,
I have 10 yrs of post-PhD data science experience working on products, solutions and platforms, primarily in the enterprise sector.   * I have worked on operational and business problems pertaining to large networks and systems (core, mobile/cellular, enterprise), Security, Insurance, IoT, online privacy, social networks, e-commerce and online advertising, bridging data science methods with deep domain expertise. I can work independently or in a team, and have also mentored and managed smart individuals.   * My current interests lie in deep learning, in particular in applying deep learning methods to Security (app-layer security
Currently, in transition into data science. As a data analyst, I deal with various kinds of business and consumer insights related data. This work entailed data exploration, visualization, and modeling.   Besides Digital Analytics Tools (Tableau, Google Analytics, Hotjar, Semrush), I used Python to complete different digital advertisement related tasks and analyze the data.  I also built several Machine Learning models solving real-world business problems across different domains, including finance and marketing.  Please check my GitHub portfolio: https://github.com/hafeez42/,HafizzCoffee,
Experienced Data Scientist  with a demonstrated history of working in the analytics field. Skilled in Data Analysis, Statistical Modeling and Machine Learning algorithms. Hands on experience with tools like R, Python, SQL, SAS.,
I want to build exciting and wonderful apps that profoundly make an impact.  I chose to change my career and learn web development at Dev Bootcamp because I wanted to learn how to bring my ideas to life.  I want to take on challenging projects where I could exercise creativity in solving them.    I can also draw upon my past experience as a project manager at Caterpillar, Inc.  I have worked on and led numerous project teams and would work well in a team environment.  I also am accustomed to a process-driven approach to problem-solving along with having an appreciation for proper documentation.  Specialties and Interests: Javascript, Angular, React, Python, data analysis, team work.,
I am an analytics professional with a passion for technology. I have  more than 2 years of hands-on experience in extracting insights and developing a predictive model solution with Statistical modeling and ML. In the past, I have designed, developed and executed analytic techniques on large, complex and unstructured data sets to help clients make better sales and marketing decisions.  I love data science. There's nothing better than extracting insights and making better decisions with data.   Well versed with R/R Studio, R shiny/Markdown, PowerBI, Python, SQL and MS Excel.  Specialties: Statistical modeling and Segmentation ,Data Mining, Data visualization , Campaign Analysis and Statistical Analysis on Transactional and Questionnaire Data.,
I'm a recent engineering graduate and a passionate Data scientist as my interest lies in solving problems with data.  Currently, I'm working on Capstone projects to enhance my knowledge of Machine Learning and solving kaggle challenges(Skills and projects are listed below). I'm particularly interested in the Data analyst/ Junior data scientist role.  At present, I'm seeking opportunities where I can use my skills effectively and can collaborate with my colleagues to achieve the desired results. I want to work with the kind of people where working together and growing together is the motto. My friends would describe me as a driven, resourceful individual who maintains a positive and proactive attitude when faced with adversity.  Apart from being a passionate data scientist, I'm also a hobbyist photographer. I usually take aesthetic portraits and edit them in my free time. I've worked with some really known personalities   Thank you for making time and going through my profile. Let's connect and grow together.  
Interested in areas related to Data Science, Machine Learning, AI, Software development and Scalable systems. Highly interested in Recommendation systems. Open to new opportunities and challenges.
Data scientist with more than 13 years of modelling experience in Commercial and RandD environment; • ML expert with experience in development and maintenance of predictive and recommendation engines using OOP; • Led teams in development of ML solutions; • Ability to communicate with stakeholders and derive system requirements; • Broad multidisciplinary knowledge and ability to find similarities across the scope;,
Senior Data Scientist with core experience in building AI solutions for different platforms using natural language processing, machine learning, data visualisations and deep learning.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Strong engineering professional skilled in Python, Machine Learning,Statistics ,Probability  and Deep Learning.,
Looking out for positions as Data Analyst or Junior Data Scientist with almost 3 years’ experience as Data Analyst skilled in Python Development, SQL, Data Science, Data Modeling, Data Visualization and NLP.,papisera
A Machine Learning Professional with 8+ years of experience taking active roles of technology evangelist in areas such as Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Predictive Analytics, Statistics, Data Mining and Big Data with a proven track record of implementing large scale algorithms that have business revenues and user experiences. Passionate about creating products, by identifying business needs, using applied Data Science and AI. Proven ability to identify and solve complex ML problems, including use case identification and data architecture design while meeting and exceeding schedule and performance targets. Experience in training and assimilating upcoming data scientists.  Ranked among top 1 percentile of data scientists across the world at Kaggle.  Skill Sets ======= General:  ----------- Data Science,Statistical Analysis,Software Engineering,Big Data Analytics,Data Management, Product Management
Data Scientist in Avis Budget Group.,
Currently working as a Data Scientist at BrickSimple LLC.   Master of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering from University of Illinois at Chicago.   Experienced in building predictive models using supervised and unsupervised algorithms like Logistic Regression, Random Forests, SVMs, Decision Trees, Clustering Techniques-KNN, Neural Networks (Keras, LSTMs, CNNs) etc.    Skillful in Python (Pandas, Scikit learn, Keras, NLTK, OpenCV, NumPy) | Machine Learning | Image Analysis and Computer Vision | Neural Networks | Data and Text Mining | Data Science |Data Analysis | Data Structures | Computer Algorithms | MATLAB | Shell Scripting | Software Development.   Database Technologies: SQL
I LOVE DATA.  I am an aspiring data scientist with knowledge of database, statistical and machine learning techniques, data cleaning, manipulation, and visualization.  I invite you to take a review of my profile.   - Furnish insights, analytics and business intelligence used to advance opportunity identification, process reengineering and corporate growth.  - Rapidly adapt to new technologies with proficiency in Python, R, Tableau, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Pyplot, and SQL for visualizing data as well as building and deploying machine learning models.  - Capable of building dashboards, cleaning and extracting data for other internal teams to use
Data scientist with experience in production level and real time machine learning, as well as API development and numerical simulations. I have worked in many industries and including financial tech, mobile gaming, recruiting, healthcare, astrophysics and geophysics.  I have presented directly to investment boards and successfully secured investment, written scientific grant proposals, and presented my research across the United States, China, and Japan.
SPECIALTIES• Bayesian• Uncertainty Quantification• Model Updating• Probabilistic Analysis and Risk Assessment• Floor vibration• Structural Dynamics• Probabilistic programming• Structural Health Monitoring• Machine learning• Deep learning• Project Management SOFTWARE• Python• Matlab• SAP2000• STAAD.Pro• R• ETABS• SAFE• Minitab PASSION: Politics• Human rights• Management and Leadership,
May 25,•  Data Mining and Machine Learning  •  Data Manipulation and Analysis  •  Data Visualisation  •  Natural Language Processing  •  Statistical Modeling  •  Proficient: Python, Pyspark, R, SQL, SAS, SPSS  •  Familiar: VBA, Matlab, C++, Tableau
A Marketing Engineer at Expedia - Marketing, Strategy, and Innovation team. Currently working on projects focused on orienting Marketing efforts based on consumer behavior/interaction. I graduated from the University of Washington with a Master's Degree, specializing in Data Science in Summer 2018. I bring a good mixture of professional experiences of 4 + years, academic research, and internship. I am excited about my next career move as I seek a Full-Time opportunity working as a Data Scientist. Let's Talk!,
Data Scientist at Bread with extensive experience in developing machine learning models for credit underwriting and fraud detection.  Research expertise in developing statistical models for complex multistage problems in healthcare studies Extensive experience in Design of Computer Experiments, Categorical Data Analysis, Data Mining, Deep Learning and Machine Learning algorithms Successfully led peers in academic as well as extra-curricular activities on several occasions  TECHNICAL SKILLS  Data: AB Testing, statistical analysis, simulation, experimental design, machine learning, supervised learning, unsupervised learning, deep learning, analytics, data mining
As a data scientist, I seek to leverage my scientific background and my aptitude for software development through projects in the fields of machine learning and deep learning. My goal is to make long-standing contributions in the form of robust software solutions capable of tackling substantial challenges faced by scientists, engineers, and businessmen and women across the globe. Through my professional experiences I have developed a strong work ethic and a dedication to my community.  These experiences have made me a well-rounded, kind, and motivated person capable of working constructively with others, and I feel that these traits make me a valuable asset.
Statistics M.S. in Data Mining track from Rutgers University. Advanced experience with SQL, R, Python and SAS. Professional in advanced statistical models. Quick learner with rich knowledge in database, machine learning and model validation. Actively seeking a position in Data Science.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the insurtech, finance and higher education industry. Developed products that has machine learning as backbone.  Skilled in machine learning, deep learning, time series analysis, AWS, Spark, Python. Strong data science professional holding MSc in Finance. Graduated from General Assembly Data Science program.,
Data Scientist with experience in Fortune 500 Defense and Technology companies. Skilled in Data Science, Machine Learning, Predictive Analytics, and Relational Databases. Engineer professional working towards completing a Master of Science (M.S.) in Data Analytics Engineering, concentration in Predictive Analytics.,
in EdgeVerve  ML hackathon 2019 #2 in All india Sangam -IIT Madras ML Hackathon 2019  #Top 100 in ZS young data science challenge   Working full time as data scientist with focus on Data mining ,Predictive analytics,Recommendation Systems and NLP promblems. I like to solve difficult problems and providing deep insights about the impact of various factors on the business . I have experience in working with huge datasets in R/Python and Hive . I can automate tasks using vba or NodeJS.,
Seeking full-time opportunities in the field of data science as a data analyst and business analyst. I hold a Master's degree majoring in Computer and Information Science with a focus on data analysis and machine learning.  Looking to explore job opportunities that match my interests and skills; which will allow me to gain practical experience in software development and maintenance and hone my skills as a software engineer.  I am accustomed to being in pressure situations that demand composure and teamwork, with one year experience in developing web and mobile applications in the industry.,Tanvir_Roushan,
I think if you do something and it turns out pretty good consistently, then you should go do something else wonderful, not dwell on it for too long. Just figure out what’s next.” - Anonymous  After working as Data warehouse developer for 5 years. And doing a decent job in it for years. I figured out that it’s time to move on to something new/exciting. And Data Mining was answer to it.   I am person who strives for perfection (details matter). Working hard was always the way out for me. I always have been a quick learner.  Data-warehousing already got me comfortable with huge volume of data. And now, with newly acquired skills and ability to learn quickly. I am looking for a role where I can use my programming skills and data mining knowledge to help my clients make better decisions.  My passion lies in making sense out of data using different learning algorithms.,debpriyaSeal,
Data scientist/R programmer in project AdapteR. An R package that enables in-database analytics powered by Fuzzy Logix's flagship product DB Lytix on the Teradata database.  • Specialist in Banking Analytics. Fraudulent transaction prediction (Realtime) and Fraudulent customer prediction (Back-office).  • Worked extensively on data preparation and data cleaning using numerous tools including but not limited to R, SQL, Python, Excel, Visual Studio Code, and other text editors and IDE's.  • Teradata SQL developer.  • Oracle PL/SQL developer. Working with the Anti-Money-Laundering team in Oracle DB.  • Have used Shell, Java, Python for creating ETL workflow for smooth integration of data.  • Data integrity analysis and visualizations have been done with various tools including R, Python, and Tableau.  • Have knowledge of versioning systems including GitHub and SVN.  • Familiar with IDE's including but not limited to PyCharm, RStudio, SQL Developer
I am an agile data scientist who discovers opportunities and solves problems using data. I have extensive experience building credit scoring models, credit recovery models and transforming raw data into actionable insights.   My experience in building predictive models has been in the finance, agric-tech and solar energy space using R, Python as well as cloud-based platforms such as h2o Flow and MS Azure.,
Data Scientist with 2+ years of experience in the field of Computer Vision and Machine Learning.,
Having 4+ years of experience building enterprise products/solutions using AI/ML/DL/NLP and 7+ years of  experience in Software Development.,
I have 8 years of experience in areas of data science, business analytics, sales operations and digital marketing gathered at LinkedIn, Google and as an entrepreneur working with global startups. My areas of expertise are digital marketing and process optimization, machine learning and analytics, with additional focus on business case preparation and forecasting.,
I am a data scientist and biomedical engineer who is passionate about analyzing workflows and using machine learning to build new products that improve healthcare.,
Data science pioneer, founder, author, patent owner, CEO, investor, with broad spectrum of domain expertise, technical knowledge, and proven success in bringing measurable added value to companies ranging from startups to fortune 100, across multiple industries (finance, Internet, media
5+ years of experience as a Data Scientist. Strong expertise in Python. Worked with SQL and Hadoop-based databases with up to 100M+ users. Trained and deployed Keras+TensorFlow models as a Kubernetes-based micro-service on GCP. Strong mathematics/statistics knowledge.,
January 18,Masters in Computer Science at Illinois Institute of Technology.   A quick-learner with multitasking abilities, my passion lies in business analysis and technology. I'd love to learn newer technologies and explore transcendental boundaries. I'd like to work with an organization where I can thrive and work towards the culmination of the organization along with myself.    Business and data Analysis expert with 3+ years of industry experience. * Hands-on expertise in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using Waterfall, Iterative, Agile and other internal SDLCs and technology delivery frameworks. * Extensive experience in gathering Business and Functional Requirements, developing Use Cases, conducting GAP Analysis, Impact Analysis and SWOT Analysis.  * Worked extensively on Business Requirements Elicitation, Process Modeling, Risk Analysis, and development of Functional Specifications. *Proficient in leading Requirements Gathering process via different elicitation techniques such as Client Interviewing, Requirements Workshops, Interface Analysis
Data science leader, specializing in deep learning and distributed scalable machine learning.  Experienced delivering data products for use cases including text comprehension, image recognition, recommender systems, targeted advertising, forecasting, user understanding and customer analytics.  Pioneer in developing training programs in industry focused machine learning and data science techniques.,MikeTamir,
I am a data scientist with interest and skills in designing intelligent learning systems and have 10+ years of diverse experience through my work in academics, research and industry. As a researcher I have solved problems in embedded systems, robotics, machine vision and natural language processing helping institutions accomplish results. Several of my research papers have been published in reputed journals and conference proceedings and are well cited.  As a data scientist lead at RealPage, I am involved in design and development of systems that collect, mine and use data to improve product effectiveness and user experience. My work in lead scoring, predictive modeling, forecasting and optimization has led to revenue boost in millions of dollars.  I enjoy building systems that do not just solve problems but also inspire next generation of engineers.
Serial Entrepreneur and Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning expert.  A leading Data Scientist and researcher with expertise in AI and Machine Learning. Also, a Startup Advisor and Industry Consultant having spent many years in USA and India in the high-tech industry. Co-Founder at CellStrat, India's leading Artificial Intelligence startup.  Serial Entrepreneurial experience having Co-Founded or advised several startups in prior years including Healthiply.in (AI-driven online health startup), LocVille.com (online furniture and decor) and SalesGlobe (sales CRM).  Long experience in telecom and digital industries in Strategy, Mobile Apps/Web, Data Analytics, Systems Integration and Enterprise Mobility, in leading MNCs like IBM, ATandT, Schlumberger, HCL-HP etc.  Thought leader within and outside the corporate environment driving innovation and consulting in emerging areas like Artificial Intelligence, Social Commerce, Enterprise Mobility and IOT. Regular participation in events and forums in capacity of Advisor and Speaker.  Specialties: Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning
As a Data Science professional, I am supporting the People Analytics team for LinkedIn while I pursue a Master's in Data Science and Engineering at UC San Diego. In this position, I leverage internal and product data to provide analysis and insights to help stakeholders make better, faster talent decisions. My passion in this area has pushed me to develop proficiency in programming, visualization, statistical inference, text analysis, and machine learning.  Prior to LinkedIn and UCSD, I graduated from Pomona College, where I studied to receive degrees in both Economics and Mathematics. For my degree in Mathematics (declared late Junior year), I wrote a senior thesis where I developed a statistical model of criminal behavior. I lettered for our school's Varsity Baseball team for all four years, receiving All-Academic honors.
Functional Expertise  • Statistical Modelling • Machine Learning • Natural Language Processing • Natural Language Generation • Deep Learning • Optimization Modelling  Technical Skills  • Advanced Statistics • Python/Scikit Learn/Pandas/Numpy • Keras/Tensorflow • NLTK/Spacy/Stanford Parser/StanfordCoreNLP • Hadoop/Spark • Tableau  Profile Summary:  • Certified Data Scientist with 5 years hands on expertise in HCL Technologies Ltd and in Accenture Pvt Ltd by understanding the business requirements and developing new insights, solutions using Statistical Machine learning models and techniques. • Expertised and had hands on experience in 5 different verticals building different statistical, Machine learning and Deep learning models using Keras and Tensor flow. • Expertised and capable of handling any data science project right from the scratch to till deployment in any domain, handling any kind of data i.e. structured or unstructured. • Expertised and hands on experience in all important python libraries like Numpy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Keras, Tensor flow, NLTK etc. • Sound knowledge in all statistical concepts
Data Scientist at Amazon Web Services with expertise in machine learning, deep learning, statistical experimentation, computer vision and natural language processing. I have broad experience in implementing and extending ML techniques to solve practical and business problems. In the past, I have built data veracity models using machine learning and natural language processing techniques for international development and developed ML algorithms to solve problems in the renewable energy space. I am an advocate of open source and democratizing learning, and I have presented in technical conferences. In my spare time, I conduct research on Machine Learning for the Developing World and I was on the Program Committee for NeurIPS 2019 Workshop on Machine Learning for the Developing World. I also advise startups in the data science and artificial intelligence space.  Some selected recent news:  - General Masakhane paper submitted to EMNLP 2020. - Two papers accepted into WiNLP at ACL 2020. - Reviewer and Speaker, AfricaNLP Workshop, ICLR 2020. - Paper on Masakhane (Machine Translation for Africa) accepted as keynote at AfricaNLP workshop, ICLR 2020. - Program Committee Member and Reviewer, Workshop on ML for the Developing World, NeurIPS 2019.  - Paper on Using BiLSTM and Document Embedding to digitize parliamentary bills in Sub-Saharan Africa accepted to NeurIPS 2019 ML4D workshop (acceptance rate: 30%). - Speaker, 2019 Google Developers Machine Learning Summit
Data Scientist with 10 years of industry experience, expertise in Advanced Analytics and Cognitive Computing, provide solutions in domains like Healthcare-Marketing, Manufacturing, Distribution System.  Experience:  ==========   Currently working on a solution to forecast market share, demand and net-sales at country and drug level considering various factors like LOE, events and new product launch for a top pharmacy company.     Built a defect prediction tool that provides a structured, data driven capability to anticipate patterns in which the defects will be raised and provides insights to test managers to plan early  and allocate resources efficiently.    Shared solution to identify the impact of various campaign , weather and events and demography related factors at individual level and at a composite level for the Promoted and Non Promotes Sales Volume of a leading US based CPG company.    Provided solutions to score,segment and target b2b customers, analyze product performance and compare it with the competition.    Done resource forecasting for demand and roll-offs at country and IOT level. Used various advanced methodology like Periodogram Function, Seasonal ARIMA
Data Science, Machine Learning, Statistical Modeling, Forecasting, Clustering, R/RStudio, SparkR, SQL
Highly passionate Data Scientist with high analytical curiosity who loves to play with huge data and mine valuable insights for the company. Confident, articulate, and professional speaking skills with the ability to communicate the results to clients. I am skilled in Machine Learning, Statistical Modelling, and Data Analysis using various tools and models. I would love to be a data player in your company.  Strong in Predictive Analytics to help improve the business of a company with several data science use cases like sales forecasting with external variables, targeted marketing, etc. Worked as a Data Scientist Intern at a company to analyze 100 million data points of public real-estate data to analyze the variables and bring out interesting insights from the data. Performing Neural Network concepts of CNN and RNN on the data to predict the real-estate market provided with specific requirements.  Highly comfortable with advanced SQL, PL/SQL, and experience in performing ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) operations on data from various sources. I have experience in migrating databases with around 1.5 million rows of data.  I worked on a Thesis of Parking Availability Forecasting Model with Data Science using Machine Learning models and using Time Series Analysis and Forecasting methods to predict the availability of parking at a given space and time.  Languages : Python, R ML              : NumPy, Pandas
Hi! I'm a data scientist by trade, but have also worked in an marketing agency.
PhD in Economics • I am a highly technical Data Scientist, passionate to identify novel opportunities and provide actionable recommendations to business, using advanced econometric modeling and machine learning techniques.  • Developed predictive Marketing measurement solutions. Used Python to build real-time sales lift measurement using past sales, price, promotions, seasonality and holiday effects, to monitor real-time return on investment (ROI), following online marketing campaigns. • Enhanced and implemented Credit Loss Reserve calculation at Advance America, from accuracy level of 60% to 90% by applying customer segmentation, interactive grouping, unsupervised learning, regression analysis and credit score packages in SAS EG and SAS enterprise Miner.  • Forecasted Microsoft Xbox Sales for the holiday season to facilitate Supply Chain planning at Microsoft Corp, using predictive analytics.  • Explored the Fraud Detection potentials at Microsoft Supply Chain using data mining and pattern recognition. • Thorough understanding of various Parametric and Non-Parametric modeling approaches such as OLS, Logistic and Count Regressions
My professional life has been focused on enabling adult learners to succeed in the military and academic spaces.  From teaching combat life savers to Marines to teaching Business Economics and Business Math, my professional satisfaction is seeing adult learners become adult success stories.   Recently, I decided to pursue a series of certificates in data related fields to complement my newest degree, BS in Computer Science, with the end goal of being better positioned to build software projects and to enhance my ability to help adult learners transition into STEM fields.   Concurrently I am building a part-time business to help adult learners and small businesses, and the town of Oga, Japan. In 2013, I visited Oga and was amazed by its culture and the beauty. It is a magical place. Fast forward to 2020, I have launched Ogadesu, an organization that focuses on  small businesses data needs and helping adult learners. A small portion of every transaction is sent to charities within Oga.   I am also a professional tuba player, with soon to be released recordings. ,this_programmer
Self-driven, strategic and quantitative thinker, I am currently a Data Scientist in the Innovation Lab at BNP Paribas. Working on challenging Machine Learning and Deep Learning models as well as developing relationships with people is what I am looking for in my professional career.,
Data scientist at Apple iCloud, focus on forecasting the future infrastructure demand (network, storage, CPU, etc.).   Author of Hands-On Time Series Analysis with R (Packt publication), and several R packages for time series analysis and machine learning applications.,Rami_Krispin
Data scientist with a background in engineering, physics, and mathematics. I'm passionate about using data to build great products. 
Interested in Data Scientist internships,
I'm working towards a bachelor's degree in Computer Science with a concentration in machine learning.    I have a lot of enthusiasm for creating what-if projects in order to apply what I learn in academics to my life. Most of my projects are about creating solutions to my daily problems.    My portfolio 
I am machine learning enthusiast, and passionate about applying my data science skills to uncover useful insights from data to make an impact on the society.
work with the Data Science Solutions team at Bloomberg to build machine learning tools to help clients across Product, Sales, Marketing, and HR better analyze insights from data. My day-to-day work involves building large-scale recommendation systems, text classification/clustering, and statistical modeling. I hold an MS in Data Science from Columbia University and a Bachelors degree in Computer Science.   During Fall 2017, I interned with the Data Science team at NBC Universal where I worked on clustering and inferential analysis to model demographic variation across TV shows and networks.   I spent the Summer of 2017 at Hartford Insurance building  loss models to improve on existing Class Plans for Auto Insurance. My industry experience also includes a year as an Analyst and a six month internship with McKinsey and Company.  Interests: Machine Learning, NLP, Deep Learning, Data Mining, Software Development 
I am a tech-enthusiast as the ubiquitous nature of technology fascinates me and motivates to learn and explore all horizons possible. I am dedicated and original in all the work I do. Hence, epistemology is  what i believe in rather than blindly following the already known facts. I am a Computer Science Undergraduate with decent knowledge of my field and would love to do research more on related areas if given a chance.
I am currently a data scientist at Bloomberg. I work as a quantitative researcher at BVAL - a team that prices fixed income securities. I am also pursuing a Masters in Data Science at Columbia University.   I have more than two years of work experience in finance. Having landed an internship at Deutsche Bank in Pensions and Insurance Risk Markets, I was awarded a pre-placement job offer on the basis of my accomplishments. I joined as a full-time analyst in the Distressed Products Group(European Portfolios) and was actively involved in end-to-end deal management and financial modelling. Working in a global team, I was based out of Mumbai; and regularly visited London, Spain, Portugal and Italy as a part of the due diligence process – actively organising roll-up sessions and property tours.  I cleared all 3 levels of CFA in my first attempt. I have a Bachelor of Technology in Electrical Engineering from IIT Delhi. I received the coveted Director’s Gold Medal - the highest honor awarded at IIT Delhi for outstanding All Round Achievement and Leadership; and conferred on a single student in the entire graduating batch.  A 2-month internship in New York University, and a 5 month exchange program at the University of Waterloo, Canada have been one of the most enriching experiences of my life – enabling me to understand different people, and the amalgamation of cultures across the world, and being able to proudly call myself a global citizen.
Technical: SQL, R (dplyr, ggplot2, etc.), Python (NumPy, Pandas, sklearn, Matlplotlib, etc.), Tableau, SPSS, Google Analytics | Analytics: Linear/Logistic Regression, Classification, Clustering
Data scientist passionate about using analytics to improve products and businesses.  Experienced in predictive analytics, machine learning, statistical analysis and marketing model optimization. Hands on experience in prototyping and productizing machine learning products at scale, quantitative analysis, Map-Reduce and building machine learning models.
A results-driven and innovative professional with 3 years of experience in the analytics space. Skilled in advanced analytics, machine learning, natural language processing and deep learning.,
Aspiring Data Scientist.  On the look-out for opportunities.,
I strongly believe in the fact that data can exist without meaningful information, but there is no information without data. For me, as long as there’s a problem to solve or a challenge to puzzle over, it’s bound to be something I love!   TECHNICAL SKILLS • Programming Languages: R, C/C++, Python, MySQL, JavaScript, ASP.NET, PHP, Java • Software Packages: Hadoop, PySpark, MATLAB, Open CV
I am pursuing a Ph.D. in Geographic Information Science (GIS). I enjoy bringing life to spatial and non-spatial data!  My effective experiences are on spatial data science, machine learning prediction models, spatial statistics, text mining, natural language processing, and transportation safety.    Programming Languages: Python, SQL, HTML, R, JavaScript. Python Libraries: ArcPy, Scikit-learn, Pandas, NLTK
Candidate for Master of Business Analytics at MIT (2019); Bachelor of Arts from Brandeis in Computer Science, Math and Economics (2016); Data enthusiast and programmer. website: vicky.mit.edu
Experienced data scientist and trained physicist.  I am experienced in end-to-end data solutions: understanding and defining the problems, logging and ETL/building data models, building machine learning models, conducting deep-dive analyses, presenting and visualizing insights, and communicating results and driving impacts across diverse teams.  I am now working at Airbnb on building Trust. Prior to Airbnb, I helped eBay develop future ads products. Before that, I was a physicist studying molecular dynamics and developing next-generation DNA sequencing devices.
Hi - I'm a data scientist with experience working in tech. I have:  1. 2 years performing analysis for a variety of business functions (financial, sales, operations, product usage behavior, etc.). I built data pipelines using airflow, worked with data engineering teams to collect these new datasets, and built dashboards in Metabase and tableau to communicate these results to technical and non-technical teams, including executive management.   2. Experience designing and running A/B tests using Segment, Google Bigquery, and Python to analyze experiments for new feature releases. I ran statistical significance tests, built confidence intervals, and gave product managers recommendations on which features to launch or not.  3. 2 years leading teams and translating data into business insights everyone can use to drive impact in the organization. In some of my previous roles, this work led to novel research papers published in peer-reviewed science journals.   4. Experience building and deploying a variety of ML models
I see the world of the future. I help businesses create it and parents train their kids for it. Ever since I was a kid, I wanted to build a cooler world. (Probably the byproduct of reading way too many Sci-Fi and Fantasy novels...still haven't gotten my letter...)   I love helping people understand technology and how to use it to their advantage. I've learned that for some people it can be a bit scary, but I want to help alleviate those fears to create something even better.   I love solving problems. With some creative thinking, we might not come up with the perfect solution but we can definitely come up with a better one.   I have a diverse background from Biotechnology to Marketing, and I like learning about new industries and their troubles.    I'm passionate about the future of education. I want to empower parents with more options to choose from. I'll gladly work with homeschool students and nonprofits on niche courses in the STEM fields. I've taught standard Math, Science and Coding(AI and Web Development) courses as well as Bioinformatics and Game Development. My ambition is to make a student driven game development studio (Launching 2020).   When I'm not working, I'm either improving my skills, reading a new book, contemplating a plot for my own speculative fiction novel, or dreaming up new business ideas.
Experienced Data Scientist with a background in applied operations research and machine learning. I am always using my curious nature, lifelong learner mentality, and analytical tool set to solve a broad range of problems. I try to not only build functional outcomes but aim to build a deeper understanding of the problem while doing so. I enjoy condensing technical material and/or findings into digestable formats that can influence product decisions.⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀
Specialist on the technical side of data science, with expertise in analytics, data engineering, machine learning, and scaling data science through data tools.,
Data Scientist and Machine Learning Engineer with experience in Data Acquisition, Predictive Modeling, Statistical Analysis, Machine Learning, and Natural Language Processing. With 2 years of experience in Financial Consulting and a Master's in Business Administration, I am excited to advance my career in Data Science in order to effectively solve business problems. I have a passion for learning and hope to be part of a team of experienced Engineers and Data Scientists!
Artificial Intelligence for Health, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, NLP •	Data integration, data processing (Python, R)  •	ETL (Pentaho Data Integration, Microsoft SSIS, Oracle ODI)  •	Complex queries (T-SQL, PL/ SQL) •	Multidimensional cubes (Microsoft SSAS, OLAP)  •	Data visualization (Tableau, Power BI, SSRS),
Well versed in Python with experience as a Developer and as a Data Scientist. Interested in reading research papers and blogs on Deep Learning, Computer Vision and Natural Language Processing and attending meetups. I am an Aspiring Deep Learning practitioner with experience with Convolutional Neural Networks, Recurrent Neural Networks and interest in General Adversarial Networks.,
I solve complex problems creatively. As a software engineer with a background in music composition, I have years of experience thinking outside of the box to implement technical solutions in environments that prioritize results. I am obsessed with learning, and strive to achieve the simplicity that comes through thorough understanding - be that in music or code.
Rich experience in large-scale data analysis, statistical inference, experiment design, and predictive modeling using data mining and machine learning.  •  Great passion for innovating new methodologies in data science to scale and solve unstructured business problems.
I graduated Carnegie Mellon University with a B.S. in Physics (December 2019) with a strong interest in Computer Science. I enjoy learning about fascinating topics in many fields, including science, history, mathematics, systems level programming and game and game engine programming. I have experience and continued interest in the field of cybersecurity and data science, and have participated in cybersecurity Capture The Flag competitions alongside Carnegie Mellon's Plaid Parliament of Pwning - champions at DEFCON 2017.
Highly analytical and motivated individual interested in using AI to reshape business strategies to make data-driven, customer-centric decisions. I have 4 years of experience with analysis, a Master's in Biotechnology, and PhD experience in Cancer Biology and Genomics. Proficient in Python, R, and SQL. Skilled in data analytics, visualization, machine learning, statistical methodology, and programming.,
I'm a Full Stack developer. Below are my technical skills. Please message me for any business inquires.   Languages: Golang, Java, C/C++, C#, Javascript, Php, Scala DevOps: Jenkins, Git, Maven, Docker, Vagrant, virsh, Bash, Powershell Front end: React
Data Scientist at Genius Sports  NYU Master of Science at Data Science 
I’m interested in using data to help people gain insights, make better decisions, and create intelligent products. Experiences with such data-driven work have ranged across tech, finance, healthcare, and marketing.   I recently completed an MSE in Data Science at University of Pennsylvania with a focus on ML. My undergraduate background is in Math and Stat.
I am an analytics Professional with close to 4 years of experience in an analytics consulting firm, ZS Associates. I worked with Fortune 500 pharmaceutical companies to formulate their sales and marketing strategies. I led analytics teams through my constant focus on data-driven decision making, good communication, and interpersonal skills.   I am currently pursuing Masters in Analytics from the University of Texas at Austin.  Github:   Domain Knowledge: Machine Learning, Predictive Modeling, Quantitative Market Research, Segmentation, Regression and Classification, Web Scraping, Natural Language Processing,
I believe in the value of hard work, authenticity, supporting others and being results driven. My passions include using data to inform decisions, engaging in the fight against cancer, drumming and giving back more than I receive. I am a runner and a cyclist so I believe that limits are set to be broken, not to hold you back. To me, learning is a lifelong process and I'm just getting started.,alannaiverson
Interested in expanding my experience in the field of Data Science, specifically in Natural Language Processing and Model Interpretability.
Machine learning enthusiast specializing in image processing, computer vision and pattern recognition. •	Proficient in rapid prototyping and designing algorithms for both embedded and operating systems. •	Experienced in organizing multiple projects, agile development process, optimization, and unit testing. •	Experienced in writing production-level code in C++, Python, and MATLAB •	Tools and Frameworks: OpenCV, DLIB, Scikit, TensorFlow, Boost, PNM, NumPy
An experienced data practitioner skilled and interested in: identifying, defining new problems and solving them by data science methods; prototyping, evaluating, deploying predictive models; designing cloud based architectures to deploy solutions at scale; and building, mentoring data science/engineering teams.  
Passionate data scientist with strong engineering background. Proficient in SQL, Python and R. 
I like to be at the intersection of Maths, Statistics, and Technology to solve real-world business problems. My interests include machine learning algorithms, automation, and optimization.,
Data scientist with a track record of working in tech and consumer goods industry.  Trained in statistical analysis, machine learning and finance. Skilled in SQL, Python, R, Microsoft Excel, Data Analysis and Simultaneous Interpretation.  Demonstrated experience in speaking statistics technical findings in business language.,
Growing up between Cairo, Dubai, Bangalore and Mumbai - I've always been quick to adapt to new situations and have  found it easy to work with people and make new friends. My favourite subject from the time I was in school has been Mathematics, as even the most complex problems always seem to have a solution.  Being a decision scientist, helped me find the perfect balance between my passion for math and my love for storytelling.   I now get to read and analyze data and then translate them into meaningful insights for my clients.  Introducing analytics into spaces that still leverage SME’s over a data driven approach to make major business decisions is a key goal of mine.
A data enthusiast with good knowledge of Analytics tools and techniques who is passionate about using data to create realistic insights and identifying actionable business opportunities through extensive statistical analysis.   Love building Machine learning and Deep learning solutions. Aspiring deep learning researcher  Graduate of Deep learning engineer, Natural language processing and Machine learning engineer nanodegree from Udacity
December 6,Failure and Success are the two events of your life, when we fail we work with EDA(Exploratory Data Analysis),Feature Engineering and Success is also not permanent at all because we have to optimize our ML model for the right fit. Can relate your life with 'Data Science' and do have conversation with me to make your model right fit to move ahead.,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Machine Learning, Data Mining, Pattern Recognition, Deep Learning, Natural Language Processing, Anomaly Detection, Time Series Analysis, Python, Linux, Apache Spark, and Amazon Web Services.,
AI and Data Enthusiast,
Highly skilled Data Scientist with expertise in predictive modeling and analytics with solid background in linear algebra, probability, and statistics. Offer experience using ML libraries and applying machine learning algorithms and behavioral modeling to develop new solutions that deliver business impact and improve user experience. Strong communication and interpersonal skills with ability to present complex technical concepts to wide audiences. Fully authorized to work in the US.,
Data science/machine learning enthusiast with 3 years of experience working in the health technology sector across multiple domains. Experienced in a variety of machine learning and data analysis techniques with a passion for applying novel approaches to unique and challenging problems.,
Analyst with a demonstrated history of delivering complex projects. I have a passion for data science and the positive impact it creates in business transformation and process improvement. I focus on the solving problems which enable business to grow.  Key Competencies: - Python programming - Machine learning - SQL - ETL  - Business Development -Communication-Creativity and Innovation.,
Good enough is not enough, I want to be excellent.,
Data scientist with a coding background and a demonstrated history of working in a customer-first B2C company.   My current area of focus is unraveling consumer behavior in retail/e-commerce using the ever-evolving suite of ML/statistical models and empowering the business by building such insight generating data science products.,
Sr. Machine Learning Scientist with a demonstrated history in applying machine learning to production scale e-commerce platforms. Skilled in Pattern Recognition, Data Analysis, Programming, and Machine Learning. Focuses on Recommendation Systems, Learning To Rank, and Personalization. Interested in the intersection of research and industry applications. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Science (MS) focused in Electrical and Computer Engineering from Carnegie Mellon University.
I always believe that just as electricity transformed industries in the past century, artificial intelligence is the new electricity now. I am blessed that I now work for a company which starts to emphasize the importance of AI and Data Science.   My story with Thomson Reuters started when I met the excellent data science team in the Boston Lab during my summer internship. I had the opportunity to apply NLP and Deep Learning into practical business fields, such as entities detection and document summarization, which has confirmed my determination to delve into AI field. After graduation, I rejoined TR,  working on an exciting project to build a course recommender system for our online course platform similar to Coursera.   The more you know, the more you know you don't know. I am always reminding myself to stay hungry and embrace the new AI technologies.,
My areas of interests are Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Human-Computer Interaction, and Numerical Linear Algebra.  My research lies at the intersection of these areas to create physical and virtual interventions that impact lives on a wider scale.  I have been working in the aforementioned areas (both corporate and academia) for 6 years now and even though I have written them separately, I strongly believe in their entanglement. I see research as a practice to ask the right questions when solving a desired problem. I have done some theoretical works like finding error estimators for iterative algorithms (linear algebra), research on gradient based algorithms (deep learning) and have also built intelligent user interfaces for people who are physically challenged (human-computer interaction), machine learning solutions for manufacturing enterprises for detecting defects and root cause analysis (data science).  My recent work is an adaptive virtual keyboard for people with severe speech and motor impairment that can be used using eyes rather than hand held devices like mouse etc. The keyboard is integrated with a customized machine learning algorithm for dynamic adaptation of dwell time (minimum time to click through gaze) by learning user interaction with the interface. Meanwhile, I am also building an indigenous eye tracker for fighter jet pilots using Computer Vision. Please find detailed description of my projects through my website below.
Customer-focused data scientist, AI-inclusive product manager passionate about delivering actionable insights that measurably satisfy customers and unleash profitability.  Successful AI and machine learning (ML) require transforming data into meaningful information, answering key business questions, and resolving the pain points in real-world processes. By leveraging continuous stakeholder feedback, customer-driven data science applies critical thinking about the business priorities, the data, and the AI / machine learning alternatives as a gestalt, rather than as a sum of the parts. My passion is helping others reap the tangible benefits of customer-driven data science.
Specialized in Predictive Modeling, Machine Learning, Behaviorial and Cognitive Data, Biostatistics  Computational statistics, supervised and unsupervised learning, ensemble learning and random forests, high-dimensional data modeling, simulation methods, robust statistics, genomic data science  Computing skill set: R, Python, C/C++, Fortran, SAS
My research and interests involve statistical modeling, statistical inference, data science, machine learning, and deep learning.
September 30,Curious and innovative individual, with an aptitude for problem-solving and attention to detail. I have been working in the domain of Microwave Remote Sensing, particularly in the application of Deep Learning to Synthetic Aperture Radar data.  My research has developed a set of novel methodologies that incorporate physical radar scattering principles into a novel deep neural network architecture for the analysis of remote sensing images. Applications of the technology developed include - classiﬁcation of challenging urban areas in radar images, urban change detection using minimal training/ supervision and the combination of multi-frequency radar data for agricultural crop classiﬁcation.   Previously, I have worked with several ISRO sponsored projects for processing satellite data. I was the primary developer responsible for the creation of the first toolbox in the world to process compact polarimetric data from India's RISAT-1 sensor.,shaunakde,
Creating #AI that we really need - #datascience #deeplearning #quantumcomputing #blockchain,RomeoKienzler
Prabhat is a data scientist with an interest in building algorithms and applications that solve various data science and ML problems. His focus areas and experience include Time Series Forecasting and Analysis of Industrial IoT sensor data, Financial Fraud Analytics, Retail Data Analytics. He also has experience in building reliable solutions for data visualization, data pipelining, data warehousing, database design and fault tolerant replication systems, web applications which leverage output from machine learning algorithms.  His experiences have stretched across industries like Oilwell and Oilfield Services, Financial Services and Retail marketing services. Each of these industries has afforded him the opportunity to solve problems that their data presents. This varied portfolio gives him the ability to think out of the box and provide solutions for complex problems.  Data Science and ML : Tensorflow, Keras, Scikit-learn, Scipy, Numpy, pandas, HDF
Strategy-minded, customer-obsessed quantitative professional. Experienced in A/B testing, statistical consulting, and building experimentation platforms at scale. Possesses a genuine love for learning and expanding her horizons professionally, personally, and culturally. Can typically be found wrapped up in culinary endeavors, on quad skates, seeing live music, promoting inclusion and diversity, or hanging with her two cat dudes.,
Highly logical, focused, and certified entry-level data analyst professional with graduate-level training in advanced statistics and predictive modeling, Intermediate to an advanced level programmer in SQL, SAS, Python, and R. Advanced data visualization training using Tableau and Power BI. No sponsorship required as I already have work authorization.
Data scientist with a passion for uncovering hidden insights within data and finding ways to leverage those insights to better the world. My expertise and interests include machine learning, natural language processing, and deep learning.
Experienced Statistician, Machine Learning Engineer, and Data Scientist with a demonstrated history in programming, big data, machine-learning, statistics, project management, and drafting data science research proposals and prototyping AI/ML solutions to solve business problems. Columbia University and The Data Incubator graduate with a strong data science and engineering background. Received over 12 scholarships, honors, and awards.  Data Science, Machine-Learning, and Statistics: Regression
September 16,Machine Learning and Data Scientist with 10+ years experience as an Enterprise Architect and Software Engineer as well as Teaching  and Project Management experience, and Problem Solving skills.,nariman06
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the oil and energy industry. Skilled in Python, Finite Element Analysis, Design Thinking, Agile practices and Cloud based Applications. Strong engineering professional with a M.S. focused in Mechatronics and AI from Stanford University.
Certified Machine Learning Engineer in Data Science stream Passionate about leveraging ever evolving technology to bridge the gap between theoretical math and real-life applications Well versed in Machine Learning, Data Visualization and Data Analysis Expertise in applying Machine learning techniques such as Clustering (K-Mean), Linear Regression and Classification Techniques (Random Forest, KNN), ANN (Artificial Neural Network) and SVM (Support Vector Machine) Used natural language processing (NLP) techniques combined with machine learning models to classify customers' complaints Proficient in Data Cleansing, preprocessing, Dimensionality reduction, Exploratory Data Analysis using Python and R Well versed in handling heterogeneous sources of Data and implemented intelligent solutions that defines and shapes the Business Landscape Developed statistical methods to evaluate the extremity of a business phenomenon which indicated potential non-compliance behaviors Performed numeric data analysis using Pandas, Numpy and Matplotlib Efficient at developing algorithms to determine the Data Science Techniques Hands-on working experience in machine learning and statistics to draw meaningful insights from big data Closely Worked with a team of senior scientists as a machine learning engineer Worked on MATLAB Tools in applying machine learning algorithms on images (Computer Vision and Face Recognition) Technically strong in Image Processing Operations like Edge Detection, Morphological Operations and image enhancement techniques Familiar with Python-OpenCV module Performed model building and performance measure of machine learning models
I am a Business Analytics graduate student and data enthusiast professional with four and a half years of experience in Data Warehousing technology. I have hands-on experience in data integration solutions and data management systems.  During my tenure at Cognizant, I have worked on multiple projects for a fortune 500 Investment and Insurance company. I was a part of various business applications under lines of business like Commercial lines and Enterprise Risk Management. My roles and responsibilities involved data monitoring and quality check, statistical analysis, test planning, project estimation, dashboard creation, report generation, and automation.  Stepping into my data science career, I discovered two things about myself. First, I love numbers and get fascinated by the power Data Science holds when it comes to dealing with numbers. Second, despite believing in living in the present, I have been enthralled with predicting future while playing with numbers.  With predilection towards machine learning and analytics, as a student of Business Analytics and Project Management at University of Connecticut School of Business, I am honing my skills in the field of data science and analytics which will help me to be an integral part of business decisions and future strategies.  Skills: •Programming: R
I'm a data scientist, writer, educator and podcaster. My interests include promoting data and AI literacy/fluency, helping to spread data skills through organizations and society and doing amateur stand up comedy in NYC. I do many of these at DataCamp, a data science training company educating over 3 million learners worldwide through interactive courses on the use of Python, R, SQL, Git
7 years of experience as a Data Scientist in predictive analytics. Experienced in developing 'intelligent' solutions using Deep Learning and other Machine Learning techniques on big data in the domains of healthcare, BFSI and aviation. Interest and experience spans from research publications to business implementations and deployment. Experienced in working in Agile (Scrum) project management framework. Currently enjoying as a Lead Data Scientist in an AI CoE. Solving the firm's most stubborn problems using data science.
Bhavya is a technologist who is passionate about creating value with data analytics,  machine learning and AI. She is a fast learner and has strong communication skills. She previously worked as a software engineer which gives her the unique ability to understand AI from engineering perspective as well.
Motivated and detail-oriented computer science graduate from Arizona State University with 2 years of experience in software development.
Solution Architect | Data Scientist | ML/DL/AI Engineer | Big Data Engineer | Quant | Veteran Software Engineer,
Experienced data science professional with Masters in Operations Research from Cornell University. Strong background in Python, R, C, SQL and SAS programming. Past modeling projects include stock option pricing, risk attribution, decision trees for customer churn, CLTV modeling, and hypothesis testing of experiments. Currently working on forecasting using deep learning.  Excited about causal inference, linear algebra and statistics.
Machine learning, IOT and Data Analytics. •	Cross-functional team communications. Well established team leader and project manager.   •	Memory,data storage and computer model, design and reliability. •	Hardware and software architecture, subsystem and device solution. •	Multi-scale engineer physics model •	Over 100 publications and over 80 patents.,
Working on projects involving machine learning, predictive modeling, optimization, model deployment     with Python, SQL, Tableau, and AWS services like EC2, S3, batch, ECR (docker), lambda, etc.  • Acquired problem solving and critical-thinking skills through my doctoral program.    Skills- • Technical Skills: Python (Pandas, NumPy, Scikit-Learn
Data Scientist with over 3 years of experience in designing and implementing novel machine learning solutions to gather actionable insights from data. Proficient in a range of Machine Learning and NLP techniques with hands-on experience in building high-performing, scalable AI systems that works on big data to provide real time analytics, predictive models and decision support systems.
I work on interesting machine learning problems in Cloud Storage, IIoT, Education, etc.,
I am a data scientist with MS in Information Systems using Python for machine learning, predictive analysis, data cleaning, data preprocessing, feature engineering, exploration, validation and deployment. I have 4 years experience in data science field.  Language and frameworks: Python (scikit-learn, pandas, numpy, statsmodels, matplotlib, etc...) | Cloud Services (AWS) | Big Data (Pyspark) | SQL | Data Visualization (Tableau)
Focused, meticulous mathematician and development engineer finds ways to deliver high performance from software and hardware that others miss. Capable of working individually or with a group or of leading a group and mentoring engineers.  Have mediocre but adequate interpersonal skills; not interested in positions requiring better interpersonal skills.  Featuring: Data Analysis and Visualisation and Computer Graphics.  Languages: SQL, Scheme, Lisp, C, Java, C#, HTML, Ruby-on-Rails, PHP, PostScript, ART.  Operating-Systems:Linux, embedded Linux, Unix
Experienced data scientist/engineer/researcher in statistics, numerical methods, optimization, compilers, prototyping, dynamical systems, analytics and applied math. Software developer specializing in numerical modeling, optimization and scientific computing.  Specialties:  Statistics, hypothesis testing, numerical analysis, computational biology, numerical linear algebra
Hi, I'm Ryan. I have years of experience as a data scientist at companies like Mozilla and Google. I give global businesses new ways to sense the world through data science. I love mentoring new data scientists and data science teams. I write about practicing effective data science in my blog here
Entrepreneurial, highly cross functional (Lead Product Engineering and Design for growth, GTM, Hiring, Sales), adaptive, empathic, Software Leader with extensive experience in SaaS, cloud, Big Data in Startups and Fortune 500 companies like Microsoft, Symantec, VMware across USA, UK, Europe
Google scholar  Specialties: Experience in the fields of Computer Vision, Machine Learning and Image Processing!
As an accomplished and experienced Data Scientist, I bring hands-on experience with expertise and success in defining and driving data-based evidence decision-making with advanced machine learning modeling and alternative data insights. I provide strong experience in navigating ever-changing business needs and emerging technologies, as well as collaborating extensively with portfolio managers and product managers, as well as cross-functional teams in solving complex business problems and providing actionable insights.  As a Subject Matter Expert in financial markets and data science, my skill set includes Quantitative Analysis; Factor models; Time Series models, ETF’s; Alternative Data insights; and extensive modeling experience, including Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Forecasting, and Clustering. I am adept at identifying and prototyping use-cases where machine learning adds business value for Investments by synthesizing information from leading publications, as well as drawing actionable and executable conclusions.  If my profile is of interest,
Passionate about building intelligent machines. Experienced in leading cross-functional teams to build scalable and effective data-centric products and strategies, across diverse domains: Voice Commerce, Display Advertising and Affiliate Marketing.  Published and presented research papers in esteemed AI conferences.  Invited speaker at major conferences: AI and Big Data Expo'19, WSDM'19, Fifth Elephant'18, amongst others.
I solve engineering problems with data driven insights. Here is the course I recently thought over at LinkedIn Learning:
My career is driven by two twin challenges: driving forward the transformation of the energy sector and creating solutions for climate change. Grounded experience in private sector energy startups, an international energy policy institution, and federal-level U.S. energy regulation gives me a unique holistic foundation for creating value in the energy ecosystem.   My broad experience centered in the energy industry spans across both geographical and intellectual boundaries. In my 6+ years of experience in the energy and clean tech sectors, I've worked and lived in three continents (North America, Africa, and Asia) and carried out projects in seven countries. I am currently a Data Scientist at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and hold certifications in Energy Risk and Climate Finance.,troyhodges12
Being creative is not a hobby, it is a way of life; a true professional life – That's About me.  Multi-faceted professional having over 2.5 plus years of experience in the marketing domain with Lean Six Sigma Green Belt certification.  I am a keen professional to implement creative thoughts and ideas in the workplace and demonstrated a successful track record of solving issues in a challenging business environment. Skilled at multi-task handling with excellent exposure in various systems and applications.
A Ph.D. data scientist with people management, data engineer, DevOp, data QA, project management experience, and business/product knowledge.  Equipped with 5 years pharmaceutical, drug discovery, computational chemistry research experience, and 3 years residential real estate and 2 years tech, commercial real estate and accounting industries experience.   Agile/ Scrum, AWS, awk, bash
Mathematician working in the financial services industry. Skilled financial data analysis, advanced statistics and machine learning and deeply passionate on insightful visualizations. Finishing the PhD in optics, laser physics.
An avid problem solver who loves tackling challenging problems in technology.  As a former strategy consultant and data scientist, I bring a strong analytical and entrepreneurial mindset towards solving problems and driving executive-level decisions.   Experienced in defining product and technology roadmaps, conducting user research, identifying market opportunities, and using analytics and data-driven experimentations to guide product development
My research interests lie broadly in statistical methodology and machine learning algorithms as well as applied statistics in various domains. The central goal is to enable reasoning under uncertainty, to understand natural and statistical phenomena, and to meet challenges from modern data (including dimensionality, scalability, structural complexity and varying data quality etc). Of particular interest are the following topics:      - High dimensional statistical inference     - Statistics and machine learning for big data     - Methodology related to data heterogeneity     - Clustering and classification     - Data contamination and domain adaptation     - Human learning inspired learning algorithms (e.g., co-training, active learning)     - Ensemble methods for statistical learning and inference     - Spatial and computational statistics     - Imaging and computer vision.  Feel free to visit my web:          https://sites.google.com/site/dhyan2004/,
I am passionate about new technologies and always curious to explore opportunities with growth potential and broader social impact. I am thoroughly enjoying my experiments with data using statistical modelling and machine learning techniques. I enjoy every bit of it, whether it is building recommendation engines, creating impactful models, extracting powerful insights, identifying interesting patterns or predicting rare occurrences.  I am also an experienced solar energy professional and have built Yuktha Energy  with a vision to solve today's key issues of the energy crisis and climate change using solar solutions. We grew as a strong team of 25 engineers specialized in solar plant design and construction with an installed capacity of more than 300 MW.  Key Skills: Predictive Analytics, Distributed Computing, Machine Learning, Computer Vision,  Entrepreneurship, Business Development, Concept Selling, Renewable Energy Feasibility models, Energy Forecasting, Cost Optimization
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the tech industry. Skilled in Mathematics, Applied and Theoretical Computer Science and Data Science. Strong engineering professional with a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) focused in Computer Science and Economics from Northwestern University.
I'm a Data Scientist in McKinsey’s Digital practice.  Before joining the Firm I founded Tech Nick Creative, a Minneapolis-based digital marketing agency that was acquired in 2015.  At the Firm, my work focuses on the intersection of three areas: Data, Product, and Design. I consider myself to be an Analytics Engineer, in that I enjoy applying advanced analytics techniques to a variety of industry verticals to create analytics products.  This means that I'm well-veresed in both design and delivery. Data science and data engineering. Model development and application development. DevOps and product ownership. Identifying value and bringing it to life. I thrive in environments that require the integration of traditionally-siloed tech skills to deliver impact through distinctive analytics experiences and insights.  Views shared here are my own.  Strengthsfinder 2.0 Strengths: Command, Strategic, Ideation, Futuristic, Achiever  Pronouns: He / Him,nickrosener
data engineer, data scientist, roryhr.com,
Data Scientist combining classical statistical approaches with more modern machine learning methods. Recognized Data Scientist enabling Industrial companies both as in-house developer and as senior management consultant to a Fortune 500 client portfolio. Excels at bridging communication and process facilitation between highly technical project experts and non-technical end users. Additional areas of expertise include:    •	Consultative Business Development •	R •	Team Architecture and Deployment •	Linear Models •	Predictive Modeling/Analytics •	Decision Trees •	Start-Ups/Venture Capital,NPHard
Seven years of work and research experience in computer science and information systems.  • Believe in Data as a Service (DaaS). Devote myself to using data mining to learn the world better. • Familiar with processing large scale data set using the Hadoop ecosystem tools. • Familiar with C, C++, Java, Python, Shell, SQL, Matlab and R. • Research experience on Wearable Computing with Data Mining.  Specialties: Knowledge discovery with data mining and distributed systems. Solving real-world problems using programming and quantitative methods.,
I am a full time Masters student in Business Analytics with a keen interest in these areas:   •	Data Mining  •	Machine Learning •	Predictive modeling and statistical analysis •	Data Science •	Data Analysis and Visualization •	Business Intelligence •	Reporting  Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, R, Python, Core Java, C, C++, Unix, Linux, VB  Tools: Eclipse IDE, R studio, MySQL, Oralce SQL Developer
Innovative hands-on technology leader with experience hiring, leading and mentoring high performing data science and engineering teams.  I am passionate about solving problems and building data driven solutions that help startups, enterprises and government agencies realize the value of their data assets.   My interests include distributed computing, machine learning, information extraction from unstructured data and the integration of analytics into applications and data services.,jjvawdrey,
As a DataScientist, I currently provide engineering support to multiple functional areas as  Deployment, Commercialization and Product Management on innovative AI products and integrations from conception to large-scale commercialization.  As a French Man in the Bay area, I also love to inspire people to explore new paths and I'm dedicated to helping the French Community to Learn to Grow and Live a Purposeful Life.  I look forward to hearing from you!
Former finance professional looking to utilize a background in Mathematics and problem solving in the world of Data Science and  Machine Learning.  Recent Data Science Bootcamp graduate seeking to utilize my skill set to help solve your company’s pressing problems and derive insights from data via Machine Learning techniques including Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Throughout my career I have developed the ability to systematically approach issues, communicate the problem, and find the solution, and I look forward to continuing that in my next endeavor.,
Causal inference expert. ~3 years of industry experience in Data Science. PhD from The University of Chicago.,
As a data scientist at Figma I have helped foster a culture of data-driven decision making while developing a fundamental analytics infrastructure which empowers sales, marketing, and product teams to make important decisions and understand their impact.
Software professional with 3 years of work experience. Earned a Masters degree in Computer Science from University of Southern California. Currently seeking Full-time opportunities in Software Engineering.
I am passionate about the intersection of neuroscience, data science and social justice.,
I am a business analyst turned data scientist who is passionate about solving business problems by data-driven approaches.
I hold a Bachelor of Science in Engineering as well as a Master of Science in Applied Mathematics from Ecole Centrale Paris, and I am currently pursuing a Master of Business Analytics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.   I have interned at Wavestone’s Machine Learning and Data Lab as well as BCG Gamma, both as a data scientist. I have developed an expertise in Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Optimization throughout his curriculum and have had extensive experience applying these tools and techniques to both business and research oriented problems. I am currently supervised by Prof. Dimitris Bertsimas (John von Neumann prize winner, former MIT ORC co-director) in my research on interpretable machine learning and optimization applied to various healthcare problems.  With my comprehensive analytical background and strong communication skills, I want to pursue a career where I can help companies leverage their data to make an impact on both their business and society.,
I like to solve problems. Being in the field of Data Science has given me a chance to leverage my analytical and technical skills to do that.  I've had experience in deploying end-to-end analytical solutions, while working collaboratively to deliver the results in production environment with deadlines.   End-to-End analytical experience includes • Defining business problem: Understand the business objective and define success criteria. Understand the current processes and the scope of the problem being solved.  • Chart the analytical approach: Use Hypothesis Testing and EDA to understand/prepare the data and define the approach (R, Python, Excel) • Proof of Concept: Work with the end user to iteratively develop a working solution that meets all the objectives and constraints (business, environment, tools, data, timeline) that can be scaled (Python usually done in MarkDowns and Jupyter Notebooks)  • Implementation in production: Scale the above solution with right infrastructure/tools to meet the complete scope • Evangelize the results: Develop the right KPIs to monitor the performance of the solution and communicate the results to the end user. Facilitate changes to the solution to aid the consumption of the product. Empower the end user with the required information to use the product. (Tableau, PPT) • Automate the process: Remove human touch points wherever possible. Set up alerts to easily monitor the process.   Skills Summary- • Modelling and Statistical Analysis- Regression,Classification,Neural Networks,Clustering, Time Series Modeling
I am passionate about solving real-world problems using data science!  My Qualifications: Programming : proficient with Python(scikit-learn, Pandas, Numpy, Scipy, Seaborn), TensorFlow, Java, MATLAB, R, Scala, etc. Machine learning: experienced with Neural Network, Logistic Regression, KNN
I am a data scientist at McKinsey and Company I graduated from the Master of Business Analytics(MBAn) Program at MIT Operation Research Center and Sloan Business School. I was an undergraduate at NYU Honor Mathematics Major with GPA 3.98. I have achieved GRE score 338 (Verbal 168, Quantitative 170, AW 4.5). Theocratically, I am a math savvy who enjoys doing brain-twisting math. Professionally, I am a data scientist who loves applying model to make data-driven decisions. Personally, I am an amateur magician who have held 7 magic shows in New York.,
Senior data scientist, media researcher, and technical leader with a background in both start-up and large organizations focused on entertainment content. Experienced at building machine learning models, big data engineering, and delivering comprehensive analysis reports including insightful data visuals. Specific expertise in natural language processing and text analysis to convert unstructured content into structured, actionable datasets. Accomplished at ensuring cross-functional alignment and project collaboration while balancing data integrity and business impact. Seeking opportunities to apply my passion for data science research to creatively solve unique business and product challenges within media and entertainment.  Research areas:  data science • machine learning • natural language processing • digital humanities • narrative analysis • text mining • data visualization • media studies (search and discovery, trends, consumer behavior) • crowdsourcing • personalization • storytelling,Mark_Bessen
As a data scientist with 15+ years of experience in delivering statistically complex data mining and machine learning solutions, I have delivered models from prototype to full-scale production.  My approach to problem solving includes a combination of in-depth statistical modeling and software engineering that enables data science teams to deliver at scale for near-term business needs while maintaining a vision for the future state.  Leadership: - Strategic business and process development - Agile project management  - Team building and mentorship  Quantitative: - Time series forecasting and signal processing - Clustering techniques - Predictive machine learning models - Recommendation and rank indexing techniques - A/B testing  Technical: - Production level OO and TDD in Python, C/C++ and Java - Linux/Unix bash scripting - HDFS, Redshift, BigQuery, Postgres, MySQL, etc - Cloud technologies: AWS and Google Cloud
Data Scientist at Centiment   TECHNICAL SKILLS (1.5 years of machine learning experience) • R/RStudio (dplyr, ggplot, shiny, knitr) • Python (numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scrapy) • Machine Learning Modeling and Algorithms (ensembles, stacking) • Natural Language Processing and Word Embedding • Unix/Linux, SQL, Git/GitHub • Statistics and Math  
Data Scientist with broad background with interests in predictive modeling and automated tools, looking for opportunities in South Bay Area.,
Dynamic, focused professional with a strong background in Data Science and Analytics with emphasis on Machine Learning with Python. Keen to build on the knowledge and gain expertise through rigorous professional experience. Experienced in building solutions and predictive modelling for retailer, IOT, financial and health care data.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the health, telecommunications, sports, and nonprofit industries. Skilled in R, Python, Tableau, and public speaking. Strong information technology professional graduated with a BS in Statistics from Purdue University, MS in Business Intelligence and Analytics and MBA from Rockhurst University.,
I am a Data Scientist and ML practitioner correctly working on standardizing LinkedIn's Economic Graph. Previously, at Amazon, I worked on making Alexa smarter and more productive for our customers by working on some very challenging ML problems ranging from personalization to relevance to text classification and natural language understanding. Before joining Amazon, I was at the University of Cincinnati where I got my master's degree in Analytics and thoroughly enjoyed deep diving into the data mining and applied machine learning space.   -      Interests: Machine Learning, Data Mining, Analytics, Predictive Modeling -      Analytical Packages: R, Python, Keras, Scikit-Learn, Tensorflow, Tableau, SQL -      Web Publications: Towards Data Science    Conference Presentations: REWORK Applied AI Summit San Francisco 2019 –“From Word Embeddings to Pretrained Models – A New Age in NLP”
My background is in Atmospheric Science, where I use statistical analysis and machine learning to analyze climate change impact on wind energy resources.  I'm excited to apply my skills to solve data-driven problems in our lives.,
I am an experienced Data Scientist, having worked at Intellect Design Arena since June 2018 and completing the Data Incubator Data Science Fellowship Program in May 2018 as well. I transitioned into a career in data science following the completion my PhD studies in physics in early 2018, with a desire to translate my skills in mathematical modeling to statistical analyses and machine learning. I am fluent in multiple programming languages, such as Git, Python, and MatLab and am also able to use compute clusters and Amazon Web Services (AWS).,
Dr. Mourad Sarrouti • Areas of interest include machine, deep and transfer learning, natural language processing, question answering, and information extraction.  • Currently working on projects that evaluate the performance of deep learning (seq2seq models, LSTM, etc) and transfer learning models (BERT, SciBERT, etc) applied toward improving Natural Language Question Answering and Visual Question Answering. • 5 years of  experience in natural language processing, question answering and machine learning. • Experienced at developing machine, deep and transfer learning based-solutions for question answering and text classification.  • Efficient in documenting and communicating project results. • Prolific researcher as evidenced by  4 fellowships, 1 awards, 11 publications
I'm a full-stack Data Scientist optimistic about the power of data and technology to change our norms. I care deeply about fostering healthy, inspired teams and building robust data solutions. I have experience deploying ML solutions in both real-time environments and for offline, interactive dashboards as well as leading strategy definition and execution for Data Science teams.
I am a Data Scientist with a background in Mathematics and Business. I am proficient in Statistics, Data Mining and Business Analytics with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. My experiences as an analyst have taught me the value of understanding the data and leverage data to gain actionable insights for making better business decisions that can make a positive impact.  Technical Skillset:  Programming Languages: Python, R, SQL  Modeling: Regression, Classification, NLP, Time Series, Neural Network, CNN, RNN, LSTM etc.  Big Data Toolkits: AWS, Spark, Hadoop (MapReduce
Electrical and Computer Engineer, proficient at manipulating data and applying machine learning to several domains. I have deployed models and data pipelines for projects in real estate, brain imaging, finance, operations and marketing using the Python ecosystem. Open for data science, analytics, BI and research roles.  Stack: Python, SQL, Spark, Airflow, Git, Docker.
The one thing in common among my work experiences has been the ability to understand the business needs of the company and the technical challenges of the problem at hand to develop a practical solution that works well and gets to market in a timely fashion.  In addition to this I build strong relationships with the people that work for me and with me. As a result I have a network of some of the best technical people in New England to draw from whenever I start a new job.  Currently, I have used my network to help start up my own company, called Fast Strike Sports, that makes fantasy sports games for state lotteries.  Previously, I was the VP of Science at matchmine where I helped refine an existing recommendation system to make it flexible enough to meet the needs of a wide range of partners (movies, music, videos, blogs and podcasts). This was not a collaborative filtering approach but one that focused on understanding the content of the items and the interests of the users. It required gathering data from many sources, analyzing it, and understanding user behaviors.  The work at matchmine was similar in many ways to work I did at Predictive Networks/Predictive Media. I was with Predictive from beginning to end and helped design an ad targeting system that had 2 million users at its peak, delivered over a billion ads, and had zero down time and zero complaints and in controlled studies was shown to deliver CTR 4-5 times higher than the industry average. Also at Predictive I helped develop a recommendation system for TV and movie viewing that was used to integrate VOD offerings into a unified experience for users. The IP from that venture is currently owned by a holding company for Comcast.  I am looking forward to my next opportunity to lead a technical team tasked with solving interesting problems.  Specialties: algorithm development, recommendations systems, targeted advertising
Highly driven data science professional with 3 years of experience in Predictive Analytics, Machine Learning, Data Wrangling and Business Intelligence.   Skills:  •	Predictive Modelling  •	Exploratory Data Analysis  •	Experimental Design Testing •	Marketing and Text Analytics •	Data Visualization •	Data Warehousing  Tools:  Python, R, Teradata, SQL, Hadoop, AWS, Google Cloud, Spark, Tableau, PowerBI, Google Analytics
Data Scientist with years of experience building applications and providing key insights to business stakeholders.  Background in Mathematics and Economics with extensive focus in Data Science through Johns Hopkins and Galvanize. Technical Skills: • Big Data Ecosystem: Spark, Hadoop, Scalding, Presto • Programming: Python, Scala, C++, JavaScript • Statistical Computing: R, STATA, MATLAB / Octave • Database: MySQL, PostgreSQL, Redshift, Vertica, MongoDB • Visualization: Tableau, Looker
Business-minded data scientist with a demonstrated ability to deliver valuable insights via advanced analytics and data-driven methods with 2 years of experience in data science domain. Well versed with data exploration, statistics, predictive modeling, machine learning and deep learning algorithms focused on computer vision, NLP and speech analytics to solve challenging business problems. Involved in Python open source community and passionate about bringing artificial intelligence and deep reinforcement learning to Business.,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the healthcare and financial services industry. Skilled in Python (Programming Language), Microsoft Word, Statistical Data Analysis, Hive, and SQL. Strong business strategic planning and analytics professional with a Master’s Degree focused in Computational Analysis and Public Policy from The University of Chicago.
I am a data-driven decision-maker and strategist. My passion is to convert data into actionable insights and recommendations utilizing predictive analysis, statistical modeling, and optimization.   Programming: Python, R, SQL, HTML5. Platforms: AWS (S3, SageMaker, EC2), Looker, Git. Packages: Pandas, NumPy, Scikit-learn, SciPy
Data Science and Machine Learning Enthusiast. Skilled in Python, PHP, C++, Databases, and Java.  Strong research professional with a Masters focused in Computer Science from Carnegie Mellon University.,
Experienced Data Scientist with a master’s in computer science and 4+ years of professional work experience. Proven track record in developing predictive models, machine learning systems, text, and visual analytics. A strong combination of programming skills and statistics. Passionate about applying data analytics to solve real-world problems.,
The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure ― Christopher McCandless  Adventure seeker, always looking out for new experiences, passionate about Running (an ultra-marathon runner in making).  Data Scientist with 6 years of experience of applying machine learning skills into different business domain and building AI based Saas Products,  I take a keen interest in the latest research and cutting edge algorithms which are being used in the field of Data Science and implement relevant research from academia into my projects.  Expertise:  Machine Learning | Natural Language Processing(NLP) | Information Extraction(IE) Image Processing | Deep Learning | Predictive analytics | Operations Research Time Series forecasting | Route Optimization | Inventory Planning.  Tools:  Python,PySpark, R ,Ruby , Angular-JS, Matlab,
Lokesh is currently working as a Data Scientist with experience in NLP, Deep Learning and Machine Learning. He graduated from The LNMIIT, Jaipur in May 2018. His technical expertise includes fluency in programming languages including Python, R, C, Java, Keras;  fluency in databases like Neo4j and MySQL; advanced knowledge of libraries and packages including pandas, numpy, Shiny, twitteR, scikit, and d3.js and engineering tools like Airflow
I have over 3 years of experience working in Data Science. Currently, I work as a Data Scientist at Applied Materials, improving products and services for customers by using advanced analytics, creating and maintaining models and onboarding compelling new data sets.  Competencies - Data Science, Machine Learning, Big Data, R/Java/Python, SQL, Linux, Data Structures, Algorithm design,
Data Scientist with 3+ years of experience in Predictive analysis, Data Acquisition, Data Mining, Machine Learning, Data Visualization with various data sets. Specialisation in anomaly detection, AML, network analysis and Natural Language Processing based applications.
I am a practical researcher with mathematical and analytic skills, machine learning experience, and ability to create and rigorously evaluate new methods and technology to solve problems.  I am a senior software engineer with years of experience in a variety of technologies and platforms.  I think deeply, build software (both prototype and production quality), am unusually honest, strongly advocate doing the right thing, and get groups to work more effectively.
Data Science student at Illinois Institute of Technology and expected to graduate in May 2020. Have 2 years of hands-on experience applying machine learning to language detection, customers profiling and fraud detection problems. A quick learner with proficiency in Python and R, and experience in SQL. I am passionate about discovering non-intuitive patterns in data through machine learning which helps in making an informed and data driven decision.  Relevant coursework:  IIT Chicago : NLP, Machine Learning in Finance, Big Data, Statistical Learning, Data Preparation and Analysis, Data Structures and Algorithms, Algorithms, Applied Statistics and Public Engagement for Scientist	 IIT Gandhinagar :  Calculus, Differential Equations, Linear Algebra, C
Ph.D. in economics from the University of California, Santa Cruz. His doctoral research experience includes the use of statistical tools and empirical techniques to conduct quantitative analysis and draw causal inference on the evaluation of efficiency in the online lending market at micro-level as well as measuring fiscal multipliers over business cycles at macro-level. He has also built a general equilibrium model to study and illustrate leverage movements over business cycles.  Strong background in causal inference, simulation, quantitative and statistical modeling and analysis. Also experienced in supervised/unsupervised machine learning, data visualization, big data analysis with Spark/MapReduce, and sentiment analysis with natural language processing (NLP).  Language and Tools: Python, R, Matlab, STATA, LaTex, SQL
Data Scientist with a PhD in Transportation Engineering and minor in Computer Science. Skilled in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Statistical and Quantitative Analysis, and Big Data. More than 5 years of experience developing products, designing and analyzing research experiments, and communicating valuable insights effectively and efficiently as a Researcher, Data Scientist, and RandD Consultant. Currently, I'm looking for a Data or Research Scientist position with a focus on Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning.,
Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, Financial Machine Learning.,prwl_nght
Experienced Senior Business Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the hospital and health care industry. Skilled in Statistical Data Analysis, Statistical Modeling, Remote Desktop, Windows Server, and Window. Strong research professional with a PGP in data science focused in Big Data analytics from International School of Engineering (INSOFE).,
Responsible story telling with data, actionable insights, statistical thinking......,
Analytics professional,
I enjoy using data to drive business.,
December 10,5+ years experienced  professional with a demonstrated history of working in the Data and Business analytics with concentration in Marketing, digital, web analytics, Life Sciences and Pharma. Knowledge of Cloud technologies like AWS and GCP. Good with business intelligence tools like Tableau, POWER BI and dashboarding. Skilled in Python, R, SAS, Machine Learning, Analytical Skills, Requirements Analysis, Databases, and PL/SQL. Professional with a Master’s Degree focused in Data Science from The George Washington University.,
Being trained on Business Intelligence Technologies and Basic Software Engineering, started Professional Career as Software Engineer, developed Business Valued Analytical Products/Solutions for Manufacturing, Retail and Banking Industries, exploring and learning Data Modeling, ETL, Warehousing, R Programming and Tableau  Worked as ETL Developer using Informatica Power Center and Talend Open Studio in building Robust and Reliable Data Pipelines, raising the bars on my knowledge in Data Engineering, which I realized is very crucial for the success of any BI/AI Product  Currently, working on the Design and Development of Portfolio of Business Solutions in Manufacturing Domain, particularly in the Supply Chain Management using my skills on Data Analysis
Spearheading projects in spatiotemporal forecasting, machine learning, and large scale data processing.
Skilled in Deep Learning, NLP, Machine Learning, Statistics, and Algorithms. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Science (M.S.) focused on Computer Science from the University of Pennsylvania. An avid supporter of helping children from conflicted regions to take up education and rise as professionals. An amateur public speaker and a photographer.,ZairahSahaf
Data Science graduate student with experience across predictive analytics,  machine learning and Deep Learning, paired with strong communication skills and analytical ability actively seeking opportunities in the field of data science.
A Computer Science engineer with a demonstrated history of working in Data Science domain. Skilled in Python, SAS, SQL, OpenCV, C/C++, and JavaScript. Hands-on with various clustering and regression techniques in Machine Learning and Neural Networks in Deep Learning.   During my under graduation, I acquired a solid foundation in fields such as Algorithms, Database Management, Social Network Analysis, Image Processing and Artificial Intelligence.   Current Relevant Masters Coursework: Deep Learning, Applied Multivariate Statistical Analysis, NoSQL and Big Data, Analysis of Algorithms, Advanced Software Engineering.  Always looking forward to solve new business problems
Ph.D. in Physics, result oriented, dedicated and scientifically trained with extensive experience in design of experiments, big data sets analyze, computer programming, predictive and statistics modeling.   Specialties: -- Machine learning, statistical modeling, mathematical modeling -- Software skills: Python, R, SQL, Spark -- A/B testing, error analysis, statistics and probability,
Junior Data Scientist with 2+ year of experience in project work, internship and research assistantships. Beat 50+ teams from top universities and big-data industry in HackathonCLT by building best machine learning model for the problem. Skilled in data preparation, handling big data, data exploration and visualization, machine learning, statistics, problem solving and programming.
5+ years of experience in large-scale data analysis, data ETL, data mining, machine learning, statistical analysis and modeling through SQL, Python, R and Hadoop.   - Proficient in using statistical tools to conduct data analysis for critical business decisions with effective communication to solve business problems and execute solutions. - Experienced in handling multiple comprehensive projects with short turn-around time.   - Techniques: SQL, R, Python, SAS, Hadoop (Hive, Pig, Mapreduce), Matlab
I am a 'Big Data' enthusiastic individual with vested interests in 'Data Science'. During my past project involvements, I have acquired skills in discovering the insights hidden in huge data, performing statistical analysis, Data Modeling and translating evaluations into customer-centric solutions.   In my recent past, I have undertaken various projects using R, Python, Statistics and Machine Learning. I possess the ability to coordinate with end users for designing and implementation of analytics solutions as per project proposals. I can easily prepare scripts to ensure accurate Data access, manipulation and reporting functions with R programming language.   In addition, I can perform various statistical testing methods and employ testing processes such as hypothesis testing, correlation and co-variance, significance testing using P-values, t-tests etc.     As such I believe, I am an autodidact with strong communication skills
Specialized in developing and deploying ML/DL solutions • Experience in CV/ML (classification, regression, clustering, pattern recognition, recommendation systems, NLP, Kalman/particle filter, etc.) • Experience with large-scale data analytics and modeling (Hadoop, Spark, Hive) • Experience working with deep learning frameworks (TensorFlow ,TF Serving, Keras) • Programming in Python, R, SQL
Energetic professional in the Data Science and Analytics field with skilled expertise in SQL, Python and R. Have guided product managers, customer service managers and senior management make better decisions with non-obvious insights.
An enthusiastic fresher with highly motivated and leadership skills having bachelors of engineering degree in computer science Engineering. Expert in implementation of each step of project. Eager to learn new technologies and methodologies. Always willing to innovate the new things which can improve the existing technology.,
PhD data scientist/theoretical physicist with 10+ years experience in scientific research, data modeling and software development. Experienced in building scalable machine learning products for optimization and automation at startups. Proven track record in deploying production code to drive business values.  Quantitative skills: Machine learning, data mining, statistical analysis, mathematics, theoretical physics Technical skills: Python , R, Spark, Vowpal Wabbit, Hadoop, MapReduce, Luigi, Hive
California,I have a strong computational background and broad experience in statistical data modeling, machine learning and natural language processing.,
Experienced Data Science associate with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Prior worked with RioTinto innovation center providing analytical solutions using predictive modeling and Machine learning techniques in different areas w.r.t Mining industry. Skilled in Statistics, Predictive Analytics, Machine Learning and Deep learning (Python and R). Currently working in Healthcare enhancing ease of work and striving for better solutions in critical problem statements using ML and Deep learning techniques.,
Data Scientist with strong background in probability, statistics, and data modeling. My past experience ranges from insurance to telecommunications to government. Firm believer of lifelong learning and growth.   Let's get in touchPython, R, SQL, SAS  Machine Learning: Classification, Regression, Dimensionality Reduction, Clustering, Recommenders  Data Analysis/Databases: PostgreSQL, MongoDB, NumPy, Pandas  Distributed Computing: AWS, MapReduce
Experienced Data Scientist  with a demonstrated history of working in the oil and gas industry as a Data and Geo-Scientist. Bachelor's Degree in Geoscience / Mathematics and Master's Degree in Geology / Geophysics.  Feature engineering and machine learning Predictive analytics and advanced data analysis GIS analyst Complex algorithm development database design   Petrel, GeoGraphix, IHS Enerdeq, SMT/Kingdom, Texas RRC DB Python, R, dotNet, C# Javascript Power BI, Spotfire, ArcGIS, QGIS, scikit-learn  AWS: S3, Athena
A data enthusiast and a researcher in the field of Artificial Intelligence, with primary interests in Natural Language Processing, Cognitive Science and Machine Learning. A lifelong learner with degrees of Bachelor of Technology and Master of Science (by Research) in Computer Science and Engineering from Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur.
Seven years of quantitative risk experience ranging from actuarial analysis to data science. Interested in applying statistics to new challenges in technology and research.
Excited to explore innovative applications of machine learning on various platforms. Builder of award-winning applied machine learning prototypes.  Let's connect and hack the change we want to see!,smellslikeml
Senior data scientist experienced in developing data-driven applications in multiple domains.
Having 3+ years of experience in Data Science using Python and machine learning algorithms •	Proficient in understanding and analyzing of data pertaining to various domains, build best-fit models based on the data and providing appropriate insights to business problems •	Experience in validating and preprocessing data using EDA and Statistical Techniques: Descriptive and Inferential Statistics, Univariate and Bivariate Analysis, Missing values and Outlier treatment and scaling of features •	Experience and knowledge on statistical and machine learning techniques: Linear/logistic Regression, Decision Tree, Random Forest, Naive Bayes and Clustering •	Experience in Feature Engineering, Variable-Selection and validating the model Experience in PCA, K-Fold Cross-Validation, Text Mining, Bagging and Boosting techniques •	Passionate about working on large datasets and able to design high-value-added solutions to business stakeholders coordinating well with internal teams and clients •	Experience in developing Dashboards and Reports using Power BI tool •	Experience in writing Java code and SQL queries,
As a data enthusiast, I strive to leverage data to make a sizeable impact on revenue and growth for a company. By applying Data Science, I seek to contribute meaningful recommendations for business teams to make better decisions in a way that may never have been thought of before.   I am currently pursuing an MS in Business Analytics from the University of Southern California, Marshall School of Business. I offer five years of professional experience in both technology consulting and the hospitality industry and have contributed to numerous projects including landscape analysis, Business Process Improvement, and Product Analytics. My interest in Data Science is inspired by my own professional experiences where I was able to recognize the impact of data and technology for business success in terms of growth and decision making.  Skills:  Programming: Data Cleaning/ Descriptive Analytics (R: dplyr, lubridate; Python: numpy), web scrapping (R: rvest), SAS Visualization: R: Shiny, Capture trends and unusual behavior (R: ggplot2, ggmap), Python: matplotlib, Tableau Data tools: RStudio, SQL (PostgreSQL)
I'm a Data Science and Analytics professional interested in solving real-world problems using Mathematics. I have 4+ years of experience in the field with progressive leadership in building scalable data-driven solutions. My expertise lies in category design and operations analytics of e-commerce across a spectrum of business problems such as consumer experience, customer engagement, and retention, returns, selection, pricing, traffic and merchandising and in other industries such as video game consoles, insurance and marketing,
I write about the inside scoop of data science, AI and productivity hacks.  I'm a data scientist, currently riding the waves of machine learning and AI at AWS. Previously, I have worked on time-series forecasting, A/B Testing, and product analytics.  I built the first time series forecasting model for advertising at Boingo Wireless; analyzed and help launched over 100 A/B tests at Amazon.com and have a US patent on experimentation with my colleagues. Currently, I'm building ML models for AWS customers from various industries to accelerate their business and products. I love it.  I'm from Dalian, a coastal city in China. I lived in LA and Seattle before I moved to SF. I just love the smell of the sea. (...and the smell of coffee!)  I share my ideas and learnings about data science through writing.  You can find my articles   If you want to read more insights I share exclusively with my friends, simply add your email here and I'd be happy to share them with you. Thanks for connecting with me!
I'm a former data science manager at Asana focused on working with product teams. I love the human side of data, thrill at well-communicated results, and am excited to spend my days thinking about how to build amazing teams. Transitioned into data after working as a flavor researcher  and am always happy to be a resource for others looking to make the jump into data.
Applied experience in Regression, Classification, Natural Language Processing, and Neural Networks. Details and results lie under 'Metis'.   Graduated from the Kelley School of Business with majors in Finance, Accounting, and Entrepreneurship and Corporate Innovation.,
Data Scientist with professional experience designing and developing machine learning applications.  • Bachelor’s and Master's in Computer Science with specialization in Data Science.  • Solid understanding of data structures, algorithms and software design concepts.  • Strong background in the fields of data science and statistics.  • Experience in programming languages like R, Python and Java.,
I am an experienced data scientist, software engineer, and theoretical physicist.  I have 5+ years experience working as a data scientist in the private sector. I have 10 years of experience doing academic research in materials physics.  My goal is to use my mathematical abilities and my physics knowledge to advance the science and application of mathematical models of all sorts.  I have subject matter knowledge in the energy sector, e-commerce, real estate, and materials physics.  Specialties: Physics, machine learning, data science, statistics, mathematics, programming, research
Senior Data Scientist, working with Target Corporation for 4 years. Currently working on Target's Personalisation Engine for Automated and Intelligent Insight Generation.  Worked on ”Smart Buildings” project. Rich knowledge on data extraction, Information Retrieval and Automated Learning. A Masters Degree in Data Science adds on to the academic knowledge with the practical aspect. Exposure to various ML and Deep Learning Architectures. Committed to work, passionate to solve real world problems using my knowledge, never want to stop learning.  Completed M.Tech in DS(Data Science) from IIIT Bangalore  with Data Science as specialisation.  Self motivated, having wide range of skills and have team spirit as I have worked on many projects in big as well as in small teams. I am able to take on the responsibility of this position immediately, and have the enthusiasm and determination to ensure that I make a success of it.,
Data Scientist experienced in modeling Multivariate Linear and Logistic Regression, Classification Trees, Machine Learning algorithms using statistical tools like Python. Proficient in writing SQL.   Experienced in providing end-to-end analytical solutions from data acquisition and manipulation, exploratory analysis, building and validating predictive models to generating actionable insights from the analysis.,bulentarslan
I graduated from Rutgers University – New Brunswick with a master’s degree in mathematical finance (MSMF) and from Georgia Institute of Technology with a master’s degree in computer science (OMSCS).  I am currently having 4 years experience in analytics domain and exposure to various fields such as statistical modeling, machine learning, deep learning and data visualization.,
Ambitious problem solver, always looking for solutions using analytical and technical tools and techniques.  Interested in gaining a better understanding of any setting using data and mathematics to assist in decision making and understanding.  Avid storyteller, eager to explain solutions and methods to others.,
If there is one thing that drives the many varied aspects of my career, it is the desire to build large systems with a large number of users that have a big impact. This has led me to focus on distributed computing and networking, machine learning, natural language processing, security and more. Though these skills don't necessarily lend themselves to a single domain of effort, it has given me a number of perspectives that inform my designs of complex systems. Largely, I am therefore an architect and programmer whose focus is a balance between human and machine intelligence.   These perspectives are also taken from my career in a variety of startups and academia. I've enjoyed being a part of extremely effective small to medium sized teams building recommender systems, reading level classifiers, smart IoT technologies, and streaming analytics. In academia, I've taught applied data science and machine learning at Georgetown University and completed a PhD at the University of Maryland where I studied planetary-scale data systems.   To build great software, you need a great team and as a result, I think knowledge sharing and openness is another critical pillar of my career. I've contributed to many open source projects and am the maintainer of the Yellowbrick Python package - a visual diagnostics tool for machine learning that is affiliated with NumFOCUS. I've presented work at conferences including PyCon and PyData. And finally
High comfort level with programming and quantitative skills in data modeling using Python, MATLAB, R and SAS •	Web scraping, Data ETL process •	Potent statistics, mathematics, and analytics background •	Rich experience with machine learning algorithms, deep learning algorithms, general data analysis, experimental design, hypothesis testing, and time series analysis •	Dynamic experience in big data development with multiple DB platforms such as MongoDB, MySQL and PostgreSQL •	Effective experience with statistical software, reporting
I have a passion for science, art, and any opportunity to intertwine the two. Through my background, I have a lot of experience working with diverse groups and also independently. From my work experience and various research projects I have learned a few things about myself such as:    I like to share ideas. I don't care who gets credit because this is the only way new ideas prosper.    I don't accept discouragement from any failures; instead I let it add to my ever growing motivation and start the next day with a clean score sheet.    Being detail oriented has taken on a new level in my perspective. I've learned that the smallest things make the biggest differences.
Data scientist with 5 years hands-on experience in developing and deploying machine learning models for broad industry, including capacity planning, demand forecast, schedule optimization, recommendation, and production prediction. + Passionate in machine learning practices, including regression, classification, clustering,  dimension reduction, anomaly detection, association rule mining, time series forecasting + Skilled in data analytics with PCA, support vector machine
Data Science professional with over 4 years of experience in the field. Formerly worked as Data Engineer for the Tata Group building solutions for cross-domain intelligence on consumer data and as a BI consultant for a European multinational (servicing one of the biggest FMCG firms on their Supply Chain Finance and Indirect Taxes BI system). A zealous learner who's willing to experiment, work with different techniques and technologies to get the job done best.  Skills summary (In order of recent experience/stronger first):- Programming languages: Python, R, Excel VBA, Bash, C BI tools: Tableau, MSFT BI Stack, QlikView Statistical analysis tools: Jupyter notebooks, R Studio, SAS, MATLAB Digital marketing tools: Google Analytics Databases: SQL based (PostgreSQL, MS SQL, Hive); NoSQL (MongoDB)  Big Data platforms: Hadoop, Spark
Data science expert with 4 years of business experience and 8 years of academic experience.  Holds a Ph.D. degree in Economics with a specific focus on statistical modeling.  Hands on experience: deep learning models(CNN, LSTM and ANN), decision tree models (XGBoost, LightGBM, GBM, Random Forest etc.), clustering techniques, data quality, statistical modeling, time series forecasting and panel data econometrics.,
I'm a fixer: I like killing manual processes and mitigating bottlenecks, and I love building tools that make someone's life easier. I'm excited about performing analyses, creating visualizations, and implementing predictive models that drive products or interventions that help people live their best lives.
𝐊𝐚𝐠𝐠𝐥𝐞 𝐄𝐱𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐭 𝐋𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥 𝐑𝐚𝐧𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐠: Top 3% in the World (3689 of 118034) 𝐌𝐚𝐜𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐞 𝐋𝐞𝐚𝐫𝐧𝐢𝐧𝐠 (𝟏𝟎 𝐲𝐞𝐚𝐫𝐬): Python, XGBoost, LightGBM, CatBoost, SKLearn, Linear Learner, RCF, K-means  𝐃𝐞𝐞𝐩 𝐋𝐞𝐚𝐫𝐧𝐢𝐧𝐠 (𝟒 𝐲𝐞𝐚𝐫𝐬): TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, MXNet, Computer Vision, YOLOv3, NLP
I am working with data science and artificial stuff.I am proficient in python,r,c++.I have good hand on work experience of working with machine learning algorithm .,
I am a MBA with a strong quantitative and programming skillset, most notably am a former PhD Student in Computational and Applied Math.  My vocation lies at the intersection of business strategy and machine learning -- generating actionable business and marketing insights by building good statistical models.  I love working with other people -- both technical and non-technical -- on these kinds of problems.  I'm targeting data scientist roles, particularly in sports, tech, and entertainment media.  Pre-MBA I was an econometrician at Charles River Associates for 5 years.  There, I used machine learning techniques to model consumer purchasing decisions and to predict demand shifts due to prospective large-cap mergers.    If you've read this far, 1. thank you for your interest, and 2. RESEARCH INTERESTS:  Customer lifetime value; statistical methods for classification and regression problems, particularly ensemble methods (namely random forests, gradient boosting); Bayesian posterior analysis of customers; dimension reduction; regularized techniques (lasso, ridge, elastic net); function approximation via basis expansion (namely orthogonal polynomials, Fourier series
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Market Research, Marketing, Data Analysis, Quantitative Research, and Artificial Intelligence (AI). Strong engineering professional with a Master's degree focused in Applied Data Analytics from Boston University.,data_girl_sarah
I am a data scientist, with experience in the retail industry, who is passionate about building better data products, and data science education.   Education: Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering (Minor in a Data Science) from the University of Washington, 2018  Languages: Python, R, Bash, SQL, MySQL, Standard SQL, Unix Scripting Cloud: Docker, Google Cloud Services Machine Learning: Linear Models with Regularization, Tree-based models (Random Forests and Gradient Boosted Machines), Unsupervised models (hierarchical and Kmeans clustering
I love achievements that are hard-earned and find myself constantly climbing up steep learning curves to develop new applications and products. I find it exciting to contribute to any and all phases of product development: from idea to market.  WHAT I DO: I help reach research goals in product development or applications. I also help technology companies optimize and demonstrate products. I work on mentally engaging and hands-on projects. For example, developing prototypes or implementing machine learning to predict outcomes.  HOW I DO IT: To achieve product development goals I find relevant research or knowledge that can be applied through experimentation. This typically requires designing statistically sound experiments and data collection using scientific equipment. I then analyze those data to drive decisions or create predictive models, which contribute to product development or improvement.  SPECIALTIES: Python, SQL, Scikit-learn, Airflow, Docker, AWS, machine learning, statistical analysis, image analysis, image processing automation, vibrational spectroscopy
Have a strong background in Statistics, Python and Machine Learning. Looking for a Data Scientist position in the San Francisco Bay area.,
Engineer with over 6 years of experience in building and deploying machine learning/deep learning models into production.  •	Experience in full-stack machine learning development including building data pipelines, system design, and continuous training and deployment.  •	Familiar with working in a business environment and delivering business insights and regular presentations to senior executives.
I’m a community health advocate turned data scientist interested in the intersection of race, health, and technology. My life’s mission is to improve the health of as many people as possible through data—especially among those marginalized and or with chronic diseases.  I received my M.S. from Stanford Med where I was trained in clinical research, experimental design, and statistics with an emphasis on observational studies. In addition, I am adept at coding in Python, R, SQL, and using big data tools such as Spark. This set of skills has allowed me to seamlessly navigate the complexities of working with both medical claims data and unstructured electronic health record data at scale.  In my free time, I volunteer with the Bay Area Community Health Advisory Council as well as play D3 men’s rugby. Please reach out if you want to learn more about me or how I am pushing towards a healthcare system representative of all communities.
Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the Artificial intelligence and Machine Learning industry. Skilled in ANN, CNN, RNN, Java, C, MongoDB, and Python. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) focused on Computer Science from Sir M Visvesvaraya Institute Of Technology.   Find my research on dharmanathpatil.com,
A “full stack” data scientist with experience leveraging state-of-the-art machine learning to build search, ranking, recommendation and matching algorithms. Forward-thinking with a deep product sense and demonstrated ability to deliver solutions alongside engineering teams. Exhibits passion that elevates and inspires the team.   Machine Learning • Deep Learning (CNN, RNN, word2vec,...) • NLP • Statistics • A/B testing • ETL • Model Deployment • Server-less REST API,
To create a professional network. Specialties: deep learning (and application in medical imaging analysis), statistical analysis, data mining. Code proficiently in Python, R. Hands on C/C++, SAS, perl, VB, sh. vi guru. Background in theoretical physics and math.,j_dei,
A modern polymath, John possesses a unique and diverse set of skills, knowledge and experience. Having earned advanced degrees in Mechanical Engineering, Kinesiology and Data Science, his expertise focuses on machine learning, solutions to novel and ambiguous problems. He has a proven history of taking a problem from ideation to production by using a logical, but creative, data-driven approach. As a highly skilled Data Scientist, he has developed new techniques, lead teams, developing innovative data products and is a trusted advisor to decision-makers.  John is a natural leader
I translate Raw Data into Dashboards and PowerPoints and everything in between
I am currently working as a Data Scientist for the Data Science and Analytics Services team at General Electric Company, GE Digital.  Prior to GE, I worked as a Data Science Intern with a global manufacturer of finishing equipment to analyze the profitability via distributors, which enabled them to customize marketing strategies and optimize cost reduction.   I received my Master's in Business Analytics from University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management. During my studies, I worked as an analytics consultant on live case projects involving analyzing promotion effectiveness for a CPG company and demand forecasting for a travel industry client.  I strongly believe in harnessing the power of data science for humanity, I volunteer with many non-profit organizations to help them make data-driven decisions.  Skills: • Exploratory Data Analysis - Clustering Techniques, Anomaly Detection, Association Rule Mining, Dimensionality Reduction • Statistical Techniques - Hypothesis Testing, Linear and Logistic Regression, A/B Testing • Predictive Modeling Techniques - Classification and Numeric predictions (kNN, SVM, Naive Bayes Classifier, Neural Networks)
March 9,I'm a seasoned data scientist in machine learning, deep learning, NLP, statistical modeling, optimization and visualization. My general interests lie in using data science to solve business problems, develop machine learning models and software to solve real-world problems. Be open, be creative and move fast!  Specialties: ,	Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Supervised Learning, Unsupervised Learning ,	Natural Language Processing, Recommendation/Personalization, Search/Ranking, Computer Vision ,	Data Science
A winner in the worldwide Teradata Analytics Challenge and presenter at the annual conference in 2017.  Finalist in the worldwide Teradata Analytics Challenge and presenter at the annual conference in 2016.   I am a dedicated professional with 5+ years of experience in the Data Science field.  I am a loyal, reliable, ambitious,  hard-working individual with a passion for data science. For me, data science is more than a skill or profession. It is a constant-learning journey that empowers me to learn and achieve more. I have a personal passion for trying to solve the previously impossible.   I have worked on various Neural Network and Time Series projects. I have experience in working on techniques like Information Extraction, Classification, Clustering,  Sentiment Analysis, Text Analytics, Neural Network/Deep learning, Kohonen Networks, SVM
I am a software engineer having strong mathematical background (GRE QA - 168/170) and I consider both equally important in my success as a Data Scientist. I am passionate about solving real world problems. My industry experience as a Data Scientist and excellent coding, analytical and reasoning skills allows me to solve these problems. I want to use technology to bring a positive change in the world. I have experience in working and managing Development Projects, expertise  in machine learning, data munging ,  statistical model building and analysis. I also have experience in conceptualizing and administering various Machine Learning Projects and automating them.,iamDeepakA,
I am a data science professional with a breadth of experience and expertise ranging from software development, data analysis, statistics, machine learning and NLP.
Data and Analytics professional with 18+ years of experience in the areas of Data Engineering and Analytics, Data Architecture, Data Modelling, Application Software Design and development, ETL and Big Data •	Experience in implementation of various analytics projects on machine learning and deep learning algorithms. •	Extensive experience in Project delivery/Management, Team Management, Practice Development- POCs/Pilots, Presales support •	Experience in developing strategies, standards and best practices in the areas of data wrangling, data visualization and data integration and lead adoption  •	Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, tuning and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy •	Flexible and responsive with ability to adapt to rapid change in direction or business priority •	Significant experience in working with highly distributed
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do.  I am a focused, self-motivated, results-oriented person who works on improving herself each day. Driver-Pioneer by nature, I bring the most thought provoking ideas as well as the drive to lead them to fruition.  Currently, working as a Data Scientist for AI Operations at Deloitte US, worked as a Machine Learning intern for two semesters (Summer '18,Fall '18) at Deloitte US.  Previously a .Net Developer at Infosys Ltd. India, who had a rich experience in working with technologies like Microsoft SharePoint, SQL, MVC Framework, WCF Web Services, Java
Have strong academic back ground (M.Sc Mathematics from IIT-Madras ) and 12+ years of experience in Marketing Analytics(CSI, CLM and Pricing), Risk Analytics(Credit Risk), Operations Analytics, Web Analytics and Business Intelligence in consumer and commercial banking, Insurance(PandC, Health), Retail, Telecom and Media for various clients in several countries across US, Asia, ia and Europe.  Experience in development of Marketing and CRM Models (Acquisition, LTV Models, Cross Sell and Upsell, Attrition Models)
A data hacker and open source contributer with a statistics background. Successfully architected and developed Natural Language and algorithmic solutions to help solve real business problems. Experienced in designing, building, and maintaining webapps from scratch and expanding existing systems in a variety of languages.    Proven Proficiency in:     • Python (Flask, Numpy, Pandas, sci-kit learn, NLTK, spacy NLP, Clips NLP (https://github.com/clips/pattern))     • Java/Scala (Stanford NLP, CoreNLP, Spray.io, AKKA, Play)     • JavaScript (AngularJS
 Accomplished artificial intelligence, machine learning, and data science executive with more than 20 years of experience developing actionable insights and recommendations which have driven profitable growth for seven different industry leaders.  Superb strategic leadership and problem solving skills.  Recognized for having led Subway to more than 20% annual sales growth, having lifted Staples to the highest retail customer satisfaction scores in its history, and most recently having introduced data science and machine learning to Constant Contact, Thermo Fisher Scientific, and ViralGains, which has driven over 2 million of incremental revenue.    Also known for building world-class data science teams and speaking with equal effectiveness the languages of both business and technology.  Specialties: Machine Learning, Data Science, Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Business Strategy
I lead the development and deployment of machine learning models and pipelines, with expertise in both real-time and big data architecture, specializing in Apache Spark. My initiatives have generated millions of dollars in revenue and savings for our clients.
February 28,Currently, I work as Data Scientist ,researching and implementing machine learning algorithms tailored to specific business needs and onboarding compelling new data sets.  Competencies: Data science, Machine learning, NLP, Python,Nishankmahore,
I turn your finance/reporting functions into a smooth and breezy process.  How?   My code will do the hard work by gathering, manipulating, consolidating all your data in one place to create financial statements and operational reports.  My focus is in the Healthcare industry such as Dialysis, Home Health, SNF, AL and Rehab Centers where many legacy systems can contribute to the challenge of managing data flow.  Bottom line: Stop turning the grinding stone manually and just breath easy knowing the work will get done while you sleep.
Published and award winning quantitative economist, expert on US, European, China and Brazil financial markets. Expert in using data science for quant and fundamental analysis and equity selection.,
Current Expertise: - Leading a team of sophisticated quants. - Implementing RNNs and CNNs for creating new variables to add to hedonic models. Letting data speak and capturing non-linear relationship in the process while penalizing overfitting. - Investment Risk and Strategy Backtesting - Stochastic Processes and Optimization - Derivative Valuation, FRTB - PD-LGD-EAD model for Commercial/Retail/Wholesale Portfolio, CECL - Prepayment modeling/Behavioral Modeling for Mortgage/RMBS/CMO using ADCo model in QRM framework. - Stress Testing for CCAR, Shock generation and feeding shocks to models, GMS, evaluation of new variables under shock scenarios. - OTTI Loss/OCI for AFS portfolio - ALM, EVE, NII in QRM, Liquidity and Treasury - Expertise in SR11/7, SR15-18, SR15-19 - IFRS9, CCAR, DFAST, Basel
I am a team player with expertise in driving Business growth through analytics. My skills repository include SAP BI/BO, Python, C, C++ and SAP Analytics Cloud.
I want to apply my 10+ years of programming experiences in the industrial field of Data Science, Data Analysis or Business Analysis. My expertise lies in the areas of data analysis, remodeling, visualizing, machine learning, statistical analysis, data mining and mathematical modeling. I want to effectively use my acquired technical knowledge and expertise for the future growth of the organization as well as my personal skill development.  I am working as an research assistant in the field of mathematical modeling, machine learning and statistical analysis. My programming expertise includes R, Python, SQL, Shell scripting, MATLAB, IDL and C/C++. In my 5 years of experience as an assistant professor
Professional: Ph.D. degree awarded with Dr.Varun Chandola and 11 years of computer science academic training. Research area is interpretable classiﬁcation models for risk prediction in healthcare, ﬁnance and other domain.  Contribution: Established novel tree structure factors interpretable regression model that raised state-of-art accuracy to over 70% in NY Medicaid Warehouse and factors understandable to research team for School of Nursing lead by Dr.Sharon Hewner..  Skills: Quickly new background learning and rich experience with highly restricted sensitive datasets. Strong ability to leverage mathematics and applied statistics or machine learning methods with visualization.,
Solving puzzles to help others, could there be a better job?   I've always loved puzzles and for me the puzzle pieces are data. I love collecting the data, sorting through and connecting the data, and finally using that data to solve a problem and make an impact. Data science has given me the framework to pragmatically apply my math and science skills to puzzles in a wide range of fields. Whether it's marketing models or semi-conductor research, there is data and there is the potential to use that data for overcoming obstacles.   It’s always been about the data. In the past I’ve worked as a scientist and engineer to solve problems mostly at the lab bench, but the experiments and solutions have always been driven by data. I used data to define the problem, form a hypothesis, and design the experiments. Then the data collected from the experiments was used to build a model, make predictions, and inspire future experiments. While I loved my time in the lab, I've recently decided to apply my efforts towards larger puzzles found in Data Science.,JackieKokx,
Previously worked in Analytics/Data Science and now transitioning to Software Engineering Front-End | JavaScript, React, HTML, CSS Back-End | Node, Express, RDBMS(PostgreSQL/MySQL), NoSQL(MongoDB/Cassandra), AWS(EC2, S3), Docker,dorrkis,
I'm a geometric topologist at heart but I write Spark in Scala every day. I manage distributed computing systems, I research and develop algorithms, implement prototypes, and attempt to convince people to listen to data. I maintain graphs with billions of nodes, and handle tens of billions of records coming in daily.  If you have outrageous ideas about using data science for social theory, cinema, politics, people, and I mean, even futbol, get at me.
I recently graduated Summa Cum Laude from the University of Pennsylvania, where I earned both an MSE in Computer Science and a BSE in Computer Science with minors in Statistics and Data Science. I will begin working at Facebook as a Data Scientist in August 2020. Feel free to reach me at   Personal 
I am a data scientist who is interested in advancing social good. I am skilled with web crawling, data analysis, nlp algorithms, distance based clustering algorithms, tree based classifiers, logistic regression and classification, and AWS.   In 2016 I graduated from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute with a degree in Computer Engineering. After college, I worked on the Watson Patient Safety (WPS) project of IBM's Watson Health division. Here I was responsible for verifying the performance of Watson's models and API's. To expedite the process, I wrote scripts that would be run automatically and populate a dashboard with the latest model test results and information about the run. I was also responsible for constructing test plans so that manual testers could verify that design specifications and user stories were met by our front end design.   After working with IBM I attended Galvanize's data science bootcamp. I learned how to apply data science algorithms to real world data sets to find fraud in Eventbrite events, to classify news articles with NLP and predict partisan leanings, and to predict heavy equipment market values based on auction data. I also gained experience with web scraping, data analysis and presentation and A/B testing.
Experienced data scientist, research assistant
I am a data scientist with five years of experience in data preparation, analysis, and visualization. I have worked in various environments, from consulting to astro-particle physics, where data analysis is crucial for success. Through my experiences I have gained extensive knowledge on visualization tools such as Tableau and BIME, programming languages such as python, and a thorough statistical knowledge of hypothesis testing, regression, and machine learning algorithms. My previous work as a contractor with Radisson Hotels consisted giving insight on business decisions through predictive modeling and advanced analytics.
I love to solve problems with data and machine learning.   • Experience with Python (Pandas, Numpy, NLTK, Sklearn, Keras, Tensorflow, etc), R, Spark, SQL, Hive, Hadoop
Data scientist and data engineer with a passion for causal, Bayesian, and tree-based methods for inference and model interpretability. I have extensive experience implementing large scale machine learning models and interpreting the results of my models. Through my experiences teaching data science, I take pride in my ability to present the most technical topics in an understandable and intriguing way.,
Postgraduate in Math and Sc. Computing from IIT Kanpur. Experience in Data Science, Software Development. Skilled in include Machine Learning, Optimization, Deep Learning
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in Experiment Design, Hypothesis Testing, Data Modeling, Analytics and Visualization. Strong engineering professional with a Master’s Degree focused in School of Computer Science - eBusiness Technology from Carnegie Mellon University.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. Skilled in Apache Spark, Big Data, Amazon Redshift, and Amazon Web Services (AWS). Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor’s Degree focused in Computer and Communication from Manipal Institute of Technology.
I am a curious and passionate problem solver. I believe that an approximate answer to the right problem is worth a good deal more than an exact solution to an approximate problem.
Currently working as a business analyst. I pursued my bachelor's from IIT Roorkee , majors in metallurgy. I graduated in 2017 summers. Having a comprehensive academic background, now my emphasis is on the real world problems. Apart from academics, I have good co-curriculars with an interest of dealing with people which makes me broad minded. I had been a part of various societies during my college.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the oil and energy industry. Skilled in Data Science, Petroleum Geology, Geophysics, and Python. Strong research background with a Bachelor's degree focused in Geophysics from University of Colorado.,
I’m a machine learning enthusiast skilled in Python, R and SQL. I’ve worked with libraries including TensorFlow, Keras, Scikit-Learn, XGBoost, NLTK and Gensim.   I spent the past 8 months working at Audible as a Data Science Research Assistant on projects including predicting content quality metrics and studying the interaction between audiobook content and genre. Additionally, I worked with the Quantitative Investment Strategies team at Goldman Sachs as part of my data science capstone project, where I assessed pharmaceutical RandD similarity through FDA clinical trial metadata.   As a student at Columbia, I’ve taken courses such as Applied Machine Learning (with Andreas Müller, a Scikit-Learn core contributor), Applied Deep Learning, Algorithms and Exploratory Data Analysis (using R and D3.js).    I enjoy the experimental process of model development, evaluation
Data Analytics professional with Computer Science background utilizing Python, SQL for the data analysis workflow including data wrangling, data storytelling, data visualization, exploratory data analysis, and applying machine learning models to big data.   Competencies: Strong data analysis skills,  Python, Pandas, Numpy, Scikit-learn, NLTK, Splunk, IBM Tealeaf.  You can find me at: https://github.com/khanhly4682/Springboard_MachineLearning
A burgeoning Data scientist with 2 years of experience in creating models, analyzing data, and making test benches.Ready to work on any complex problem,  which involves a copious amount of data and needs data science approaches.
I am a Data Scientist with experience in design and implementation of security and security management solutions. I am a highly motivated problem solver with strong communication skills. I am also an excellent technology adopter with business insight and customer service experience.  Currently working on machine learning and deep learning solutions with Python using a wide variety of data sources.   SKILLS  Statistics: Linear regression, Hypothesis testing, Network analysis, Predictive analytics/forecasting, Bayesian statistics, General Linear models, Random sampling methods, Missing data imputation, Tableau  Experimental Design: A/B Tests, Research proposals, Defining key metrics, Evaluation, Rollout plans  Machine Learning: Feature engineering / selection
I am a Graduate student with keen interest and enthusiasm towards Data Science and Analysis. Keen to complement my technical prowess with the management acumen to analyze and compute data to garner valuable insights enabling me to develop business solutions, I consider that the Information Systems will equip me with the tools to tackle complex problems.  Now I look forward for Full-time opportunities to gain Industry experience and employ my newly-acquired management aptitude and enhanced technical expertise to develop technology-driven business solutions for organizations. 
professional with 3+ years of work experience across a wide range of domains.
Aspiring data/business analyst with a predilection towards drawing the unseen from data through visualizations and analysis. Interested in modelling the data and getting it into use for business growth. I have worked with various technologies, tools and techniques that fulfill aforementioned interest in analytics. I love to take up challenges and fetch meaningful results. I possess good interpersonal skills for working with team, also I am a quick learner.  Currently working on a project for improving productive time on social media.  Key areas: Data Analysis, Business Analysis, Business Intelligence Analysis, Data Analytics in Operations Management,
I am currently working as a Data Scientist at Affine Analytics. I have done my Btech (Hons) from Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Bhubaneswar, majoring Electrical Engineering. Having had a commendable academic record till date, I am highly motivated to learn through practical work in the field of analytics. A rich academic atmosphere in our institute has enabled me enhance my understanding through the projects undertaken and enrich my technical skills through the knowledge of various programming languages and softwares. I hope with this skillset and my determined nature , I will have a successful corporate career.
oftware Engineer with a specialisation in Distributed Systems and Data Science.
I am 5 years of Industrial experienced data modeler emphasis on data analysis, ETL, testing, modeling, evaluation, and visualization. I am actively looking for new opportunities for data engineer/data analyst/business intelligence analyst. Please feel free to reach me at  Specialties:  Profound understanding of Neural Networks, GLM, Random Forest, Gradient/Ada Boosting, SVM, Clustering, Principle Component Analysis;  Experience in marketing analytics, targeting
Experienced Graduate Assistant with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in optimization, operations management and data analysis.  RESEARCH INTERESTS: -Optimization: Linear, Nonlinear, Integer Programming -Uncertainty: Robust, Stochastic Optimization -Simulation Data Analysis  SKILLS: -Statistical analysis: Access, SPSS, Minitab, SAS, R, SQL  -Operation research: LINGO, LINDO, Gurobi, AMPL -Project Management: Primavera
I love delving deep into data to uncover insights hidden by noise through end-to-end data science pipelines: architecting, testing and productionizing statistical data analysis to inform good decisions. My fortes include strategic data reduction and featurization, explainable machine learning, and result validation. I also emphasize a collaborative culture and concise but powerful storytelling.  Currently, I lead a team of 5 data physicists studying nuclear physics phenomena in ultrarelativistic collisions at the Large Hadron Collider. We’ve made the first ever measurement of a rare particle family in proton-nucleus collisions, providing unique constraints on the theory of the strong force.  My team and I analyze several terabytes of sensor event data, and simulate collision events using Monte Carlo to augment data and test analysis codebases. Each event contains thousands of particles and there are many millions of events: we identify a 1 in 100, 000 particle signal.
I feel that world is over-saturated with various data nowadays. A lot of companies have tons of records about their businesses that have been gathering over the years and they have no idea how to leverage it. I enjoy extracting the valuable insights from the data and developing predictive models in order to achieve specific goals.
I am a PhD data scientist who knows how to ask insightful questions, how to apply sophisticated analytical tools, and how to learn quickly. I understand how to solve problems and think critically, and I have proven writing and speaking abilities. Analyzing and interpreting complex datasets makes me happy, and I am known for being flexible, resourceful, and for achieving goals while maintaining a positive outlook. I work effectively in both independent and collaborative environments, and excel at communicating with diverse collaborators.  SKILLS AND TOOLS • data analysis, statistical modeling, machine learning, and natural language processing • R, SQL (also rusty bits of Python and C) • Github, Markdown, shell scripting
What's in my arsenal:   - Big data: Hive, Hadoop, Pig, Spark, Splunk  - Visualization: Plotly, Matplotlib, Seaborn, R Shiny , ggplot,  a little d3.js  - Machine Learning: Classification, Clustering, Regression  - Statistics: Experimental Design, Hypothesis Testing
Specialties: Machine Learning, Statistical Modeling,  Python, R, SAS,  Hadoop(Hive, Pig), Spark,
I’m a result-oriented Data Scientist with a B.E in Computer Science Engineering from BIT Mesra. Through the vibrant community of intellectual peers and professors at BIT, I assimilated the foundations of programming and gained a strong mathematical aptitude necessary for venturing into data science. I started with an internship in the field, where I learned the practical application of Machine Learning (ML) in the Food and Beverages (FandB) Industry. Later, I joined Ubiqum Code Academy in Barcelona (one of the best rated Machine Learning coding boot camps in Europe), where I worked on various projects, connecting my theoretical knowledge to the application of ML. I have also worked as a freelancer, right after the completion of my course, learned many new skills, for example, Shiny (an open-source R package for web framework), parallel programming in R, ensemble ML (ensemble methods use multiple learning algorithms to obtain better predictive performance) and reinforced few others (supervised learning algorithms).  I am looking for an opportunity to make a big impact through my technical/mathematical background and knowledge of data science. I believe in the simple ideology of “learn
Data Scientist, problem solver, passionate about modeling and building analyses that improve the life of millions of people. I love learning new technologies and implementing them to solve challenging, real-world problems.  I'm fond of teaching people and transmitting my knowledge to others. I appreciate working with a high perfomance team and learning new things continuously.,
Data Scientist, Neuroscientist and a Musician based in New York City. In 2019, Mohamad completed 15 weeks intensive Data Science program at Flatiron school. Experienced in Python (pandas, numpy, scikit-learn, scrapy, flask, etc...), Statistical Analysis, Machine Learning, Cognitive Computing, and Deep Learning.   In 2012
My professional target is to be a full stack data scientist.  Core Qualifications:  - Proficient in C++, Python, R, SQL, Hadoop (Hive, Pig, MapReduce) - Hands-on experience with machine learning and data mining algorithm, actuarial and survival analysis - A good foundation in mathematical and statistical theory  - A team worker in a multi-national group  - A sense of responsibility to make data accurate/clear and a good management of multitask  - A lifelong learner 
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in Statistical Data Analysis, Machine Learning, Databases, Python and R. Strong engineering professional with a Master’s Degree focused in Information System Management - Business Intelligence and Data Analytics track from Carnegie Mellon University.,
Data scientist with experience in asset management and healthcare technology. I enjoy quantifying and solving business problems with data.,
Experienced in Computer Vision and probabilistic modelling. Actively participate in Data Science competition hosted on Kaggle and Analytics Vidhya. Hold a bachelor's degree in Material Science and Engineering from IIT Kanpur.,
Data Science and Analytics expert with a passion for transforming data into actionable insights and predictions
Passion for  • applying quantitative methods to interpreting and addressing business problems, with the ability of hands-on statistical coding and modeling; • predictive modeling, data science, EDA and visualizations (D3.js), statistics and optimization;  • personalization in users experience, understand funnel metrics and anticipate users need by leveraging data, retargeting, predictive solutions and behavioral/social sciences. • storytelling with data  Working experience with   • Economic research • Ad tech, mobile advertising, RTB, audience targeting, segmentation, propensity modeling based on RFM (reach, frequency
Data scientist with a background in computer engineering and over a decade of experience working in a fast-paced team environment to solve challenging problems. Experienced in using quantitative tools with Python, SQL, and R to analyze data and create machine learning models for regression and classification.
I'm a quantitative modeler with expertise in machine learning, statistical modeling, portfolio reporting, actuarial model development, employee benefits compliance, predictive modeling, data extraction from multiple sources, data validation, and large data sets I am able to develop and refine solutions that can address business objectives quickly and accurately.  I have worked most  on short-term and/or consulting roles or projects leading to me acquire a wide breadth of expertise.
Interested in Machine Learning, Artificial intelligence
I am an ambitious Technical Professional with a keen interest in Data Science and Data Analytics.,
Ayodele is a Data Scientist with a Master's Degree in Data Science. She's created models that can predict consumer segment movement, the chance of a hockey goal being scored, and the location of firearms through walls using RF sensors.   She has spoken at conferences like the HUE Tech Summit, Data Science Go, and the National Society of Black Engineers Professional Development Conference.  Upcoming conferences include Refactr.Tech, Self.Conference, and The Badge Summit.,ayodeleohh
Love getting insights from data and utilizing technology to improve our daily life!  Passionate about the rapidly evolving New Mobility market. New Mobility is not only about transportation and technology, but also involves policy, economics, urban planning, social value, behavioral science and so on. Strongly believe nowadays urban challenges require more and more across-disciplines solutions and glad that I'm contributing to that!
Computer Science graduate with a constant motivation to learn new things and seeking a challenging career in a progressive organization to enhance my knowledge, technical skills and to gain practical experience in the domain of Data science.
I am an experienced data science professional with an Analytical Consulting experience for fortune 500 companies (India and World) of over three years. Management Decision support, process improvement, and continuous learning are my key attributes, and I have industry and project experience in the field of Marketing, Finance, Healthcare and Engineering.  I have honed my ability to align towards common goals and KPI's, taking a consultative approach and understanding communication is critical to obtain alignment. I believe there is always something new to learn in the field of data science and machine learning as boundaries are being pushed. I enjoy collaborating with others (in person or virtually) to gain different perspectives to refine strategies. A/B testing is fun to me, and I love the insights testing provides.  With the plethora of data sets that exist in today's business world, my perpetual curiosity drives the analytical side of my brain as I search for (and find) answers about why tactics are performing above or below expectations.  There's rarely a dull moment in my workday, and I like it that way.  ****Data Science and Analytical Tools and Technologies****  Languages and Platforms: Python, R, SAS,  Alteryx  Tableau, PowerBI
Experienced Senior Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, NLP, Probability, Statistical Data Analysis,  Apache Spark, and Visualization. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science.,mathusuthan,
With a background in computer science, economics, consulting, and finance, I have always worked in a data and tech-driven space to tackle human problems. Experience includes multiple machine learning projects to solve or illuminate the social issue - I like focusing on the interpretability of the models because I believe that it is an integral part of the deployment of machine learning systems.   Tech/Personal skills include: Python, SQL, R, Python, working knowledge of Hadoop ecosystem (Spark), AWS, D3, C and effective communication skills, and business vision about data.,
Continuous and life-long learner with M.Sc. degree in Data Analytics. Start-up, corporate and academic experience in data analysis, statistical modelling, deep learning, database design and software development with total 7+ years work experience.
Thanks for visiting my profile I have about 3 years of experience in Statistics and Machine Learning, Sales Intelligence, Data Mining and related concepts in Data Science and Software Development  My experience and education has taught and/or familiarized me with-  Sales Compensation, Sales Pipeline Intelligence, Operations Research, Business Analytics  Data Mining, Exploratory Data Analysis, Data Visualization, PowerBI, R Shiny  Relational Databases, ER Diagram, MS-SQL, Azure ML Studio, Databricks
Familiar with Big Data, Machine Learning, Programming (C++, Scala, Python), Algorithms, Data Structures. I am currently working with an H1-B visa.,
Mathematician turned Data Scientist with expertise in Machine Learning and Deep Learning real-world applications.  - Advanced Mathematics, Geometry, and Statistics. - Classical Machine learning: SVM, gradient boosting, DBSCAN, and etc. - Recommender System. - Deep Learning: CNN latest architectures for image recognition and signal processing.  Toolbox: - R, Python (pandas, numpy, scipy, pyspark, scikit-learn, lighfm, tensorflow, and tensorflow.js) - R - SQL (SQLite and Postgres ) - JavaScript (tensorflow.js)
I graduated with a master's degree in analytics from the Carlson School of Management in May 2018. I currently work as a data scientist at Mille Lacs Corporate Ventures. Prior to joining my master's program, I worked at Credit Suisse for three years as a valuations analyst, leading projects across global cross-functional teams. I hold a master’s degree in economics and bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering from BITS-Pilani.   I like challenging myself. Of the extensive knowledge I acquired through my graduate studies, I find time series analysis and natural language processing most exciting. I enjoy programming and often couple it with groovy sound mixes. When I’m not working on a project, I love traveling, discovering new music, and playing basketball.  Competencies: Data Science, Machine Learning, Text Mining, Time Series Analysis, Statistical Analysis, Data Visualization,  Hadoop, Spark
I'm a mechanical engineer who's somehow found his way to data science! Currently working as a Data Scientist at High Peak Software Pvt. Ltd., Bengaluru.  I have expertise in: Python3, C, scikit-learn, pandas, numpy, matplotlib, skimage, opencv, PySpark, Keras
I am a Data Science Enthusiast with more than 2 years of experience with American Express and AstraZeneca. I am passionate about exploring, defining and solving problems by harmonizing the knowledge of maths, computing, and business.  With a strong education foundation, I am currently a data science graduate student with the scholarship at the University of Illinois at Chicago and have completed my Master's from India's best technical university Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Madras with INSPIRE scholarship.   What I bring to the company:   - Solid understanding in diverse aspects of data science including statistical modelling, pattern recognition, image processing, deep learning, data mining, inferential statistics, linear algebra and network analysis - Strong coding background with Python, R
I develop machine learning algorithms and solutions in a wide range of domains. My work has been used in healthcare, fraud, finance, and social sciences.,crude2refined,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Python (Programming Language), Android App development, Java, Amazon Dynamodb. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor's degree focused in Computer Science.
I have experience of applying analytics to three vertical markets in Big Data; healthcare, finance and educational technology. I have a broad interest in applying computer science, and mathematics to problems of interest in the fields of big data, machine learning, analytics, and visualization. I'm specialized in quasi-experiment design, machine learning and causal inference. I have conducted workshops in academic and business conferences and built machine learning driven products.,ShirinMojarad,
Wrote the book: A Collection of Data Science Take-Home Challenges, modeled after real DS job interview takehome challenges. If you are about to interview and need some practice, you might want to check it out here (http://datamasked.com)
A data scientist with experience in machine learning techniques, data visualization, and data analysis using R, Python, SQL along with Google Big Query and Microsoft analytics products such as Azure, Transact-SQL, Ms. R Server. An autonomous worker committed to strive in latest technologies and skills to get the solutions for the organization.
Data Scientist with 4 years of machine learning engineering experience. Currently, focus on Object Detection applications.
Vishaal is a Data Science Consultant who brings experience in the data science project life cycle including data extraction, feature engineering, statistical modeling and model interpretation. He assists clients by developing automated Machine Learning models to help them make data-driven business decisions.  Areas of Expertise and Technical Skills  Statistical Techniques - Machine Learning, Exploratory Data Analysis, Data Cleaning, Gradient Boosting, Data Visualization, Regression Models, Regularization, Decision Trees, Random Forest, Bagging and Bootstrapping, Cross Validation, Time Series Analysis
Rajesh Shreedhar Bhat is working as a Data Scientist at Walmart Labs, Bangalore. His work is primarily focused on building reusable machine/deep learning solutions that can be used across various business domains at Walmart. He completed his Bachelor’s degree from PESIT, Bangalore.  He has a couple of research publications in the field of NLP and vision, which are published at top tier conferences such as CoNLL, ASONAM, etc.. He is a Kaggle Expert(World Rank 966/122431) with 3 silver and 2 bronze medals and has been a regular speaker at Kaggle days meet up – Senior Track.   Apart from this, Rajesh is a mentor for Udacity Deep learning and Data Scientist Nanodegree for the past 2 and half years and has conducted ML and DL workshops in GE Healthcare, IIIT Kancheepuram and many other places.,rajeshbhatpesit,
A results-driven and self-motivated team player with demonstrated experience in data science and analytics. Passionate about solving business problems using data. Skills: Python, R, SQL, Git, AWS, Excel, Matlab, VBA, SAS, Tableau.
I am an inquisitive, effective, and creative statistician and data scientist with extensive skills in broad areas like   1) Statistics and machine learning, including model building, linear/nonlinear regression, dimension reduction, prediction, hypothesis testing, classification, clustering, and data visualization. 2) Computing with large complex data sets, including experience with statistical computing, reproducible analysis. I have experience using R
Experienced Graduate Research And Teaching Assistant at Texas AandM University with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in Python, SAS, R, STATA and JASP. Strong research professional graduated from Sharif University of Technology.,
A proven data scientist and machine learning engineer with highly cited papers. Google me! See references below!  One of my papers titled Composition Attacks and Auxiliary Information in Data Privacy has been cited by 340+ as per Google. Look here: 
Working at the intersection of economics and logistics as part of Instacart's Fulfillment Engineering team. Reach out to me if you are a data scientist, machine learning engineer, product manager or software engineer and you'd like to solve challenging and important problems with great colleagues!
Data enthusiast with strong analytical, technical, and communication skills. Proficient at problem solving, Data Visualization, Machine Learning, and collaborating with business partners to translate data into actionable insights.,
Maths + Technology + Business + Problem solving  Passionate and avid learner with keen interest in predictive analytics, machine learning, statistics, and finance  A unique data sciences professional with experience ranging from working with pure play analytics firm to consulting firm to applied R and D division of an AI enabled product firm  For anyone interested to become a data scientist, I'd highly recommend following resources for the preparation: 1. Statistical learning foundation 
Experienced Data Scientist with a passion for technical problem-solving. A tenacious, innovative thinker who has used Machine Learning and AI techniques to extract insights from data in the energy and financial sectors. Skilled in NLP, Deep Learning and Time Series Analysis. Pandas, numPy, Keras, nltk, spaCy, Gensim, scikit-learn.
Data scientist with 6 years of experience in using predictive methods and machine learning algorithms • Broad knowledge of Data Science including supervised and unsupervised predictive methods • Operation Research analyst with 8 years of experience in modeling and solving a variety of large-scale deterministic, stochastic and simulation-optimization problems • Broad knowledge of Operation Research including linear programming, integer programming, simulation-optimization, and stochastic programming  Technical Skills: • Programming Languages: Python, R including Shiny, MATLAB • Optimization Packages: Pyomo, GAMS, CPLEX, CVXPY, Bayesopt, Lingo • Data Science: Apache Airflow, SciKit-Learn, Keras
I am a trained software developer, with a background in electrical engineering, turned data scientist at Health Axis Group, qualified by 6+ years of combine excellent research, analytical, engineering, and documentation qualifications with skills in programming, machine learning, statistics, mathematics.  Outstanding communication skills; interface effectively with team members, management, and people of all levels and multicultural backgrounds regardless of technical competency.  Adapt to challenges and changing environments. Talent for quickly learning new information, procedures, and technologies.   Interests: real estate
Just finished a master's degree in Economics from Madras School of Economics, Chennai. Currently, I am working as Data Scientist at Scienaptic. I have done a few projects related to Econometrics and Applied Econometrics in undergraduate and postgraduate. Done Statistical Analysis in Undergraduate on 'Empowerment of Muslim Women:A Case Study of Aligarh' .Hands on Python, SQL, STATA and Spreadsheet. I am passionate for Analytics and have keen to gather knowledge from different websites . Love to diversify knowledge and skills sets. Knows Basic German language and love to travel and like to do hiking and adventurous sports.,
I make data speak! I have worn many hats throughout my career: 1) Data Scientist,2) Business Analyst/Product Analyst, and 3) Business Intelligence Engineer.   I enjoy being a data scientist for the mathematical rigor in modeling nebulous matters, Business/Product Analyst for structured curiosity and analytical problem solving, and Business Intelligence Engineer for the opportunity to build scalable analytics solutions empowering many others to make evidence-based decisions.   Depending on the task at hand, my daily dose of fun could be either data deep dives with SQL/Tableau/matplotlib, statistical model building with Python/R, or strategizing with domain experts to frame problems and design solutions. With a blend of these skills, I’m lucky to have worked with the most passionate and smartest people solving the hardest problems in product, marketing, and operations. It’s been a humbling journey over the past 2+ years working in digital media/entertainment, public policy, retail, and philanthropy.   I’m also working on my MS in Business Analytics from University of Southern California.  My Toolkit: Languages - R
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in tech. Skilled in using data to tell   a story and inform product strategy and initiatives.,
Data Scientist with a solid foundation in Statistics and Machine Learning, along with strong business acumen.  Technology skill set spans across •     Data analysis using Python, R , SAS, SQL and Excel •      Machine Learning and Natural language processing (NLP) using Python, R  •      Data Visualization - Tableau, D3  •      Software development - C++, JAVA, PERL, SHELL, HTML
Experienced Data Scientist with good knowledge on Statistical Inference and Data mining techniques. Expert in Multiple regression, Classification techniques such as Decision tree and Random forest.  Strong coding skills.
A Full-Stack Data Scientist: - Programming: Python, R, Java, SQL, Git, Bash Scripting - Techniques: Machine Learning, Recommender Systems, Natural Language Processing, Time-Series and Forecasting, A/B Testing and Experimentation - Data Visualization: Python, R, Looker, Tableau,
I love writing code and blog.  I am passionate about improving the efficiency of business and quality of people's life with technology. I have been a blogger for over a decade. My specialties: • Data-driven marketing • Machine learning modeling and database management • Market entry and expansion strategy • Business development • Due diligence and MandA advisory • China Hightech and healthcare industry
I am a Data Science Leader and a Data Strategist, and I take great pleasure in envisioning the future of Data Science and evangelizing it. I am particularly skilled in growing and managing early-stage data teams, and I am highly comfortable managing hybrid teams, including product managers, data scientists, data analysts and engineers across the board (Front-End, Backend, Systems, etc.)  I am a keynote speaker and have spoken at most major conferences in the field. I like to evangelize not only the role of Data Science in the Industry, but also the key role that women have to play in Tech. I am proud to say that I have inspired many young women to start a career in STEM. I am also a sought-after consultant and have advised countless companies on how to establish a winning data strategy, and how to avoid the common pitfalls when building a data function. I am able to instill a data-centric mindset in even the most skeptical environments.  As a people manager, I believe first and foremost that the best leaders should remain hands-on in order to be able to jump in when needed, and to fully understand the challenges of their team members. I strongly oppose micro-management and believe in empowerment through trust and partnership. I value complete transparency
Currently pursuing my Master's degree in Data Science from University at Buffalo NY. Aspiring to become a data scientist working in prediction algorithms as well as a python developer in analyst firms.  I am currently pursuing my Masters in Data Science at University at Buffalo (SUNY) with a GPA of 3.734/4 and will complete my course by December 2019 and will be graduating in February 2020. As a part of my curriculum, I worked on ‘Rossmann Store: Forecasting the Sales’ project, with an accuracy of 95%. Also worked on Twitter Sentiment Analysis, classified twitter data as of relevance of buying a mutual fund or irrelevance using a sentiment analysis technique.  Utilized regex, Python ntlk, textblob, and Word Cloud packages to understand and visualize the twitter data. Utilized stemming, n-gram, tf-IDF, BagofWords, word2vec techniques to perform feature extraction. Trained Naïve Bayes classifier model and used it to predict relevant tweets among the Test data. Also familiar with all Machine learning algorithms and Bigdata. Currently working as an AI Engineering Intern at MTX group Inc. Worked on different POC projects as part of my deliverables on different machine learning models for loan originations and computer vision. Also, DevOps part into building a final tool. Data Analytics professional with 4+ years of experience spanning across all stages of the project life cycle, ranging from business requirements gathering and application development. Ability to coordinate with clients and provide technical and functional guidance to the team. Have a very good experience in data integration/ETL (Analysis, Design
I made a career transition from a semiconductor engineer to a data scientist. It was a long and hard, but stimulating journey. With my physics background, at least I was not intimidated by statistics and linear algebra used in data science. Currently I am working as a data scientist and am still studying machine learning on my own.,
A Data Scientist with a keen eye on global trends in economy, innovations and businesses. Love to work with data to drive forecasting, better predictions and create more value.  Key skills - R, Machine Learning, Tableau, SQL, Hadoop, Pig, Hive, Sqoop, HBase,
Jumping out of planes and going down bob-runs head first on nothing more than a tray may seem like a good way to injure yourself. I used to agree with you. However, what if I told you that by using analytics I learned that you’re more likely to break a bone by tripping over your shoelace than skydiving? Whether for personal choices or in a business context, insight from data can throw up some surprises. I help you to find and act on them.   I am passionate about harnessing the predictive as well as descriptive power of analytics. Generating insight from data, making it actionable and creating value is what drives me to bring people onto the analytics journey.  My collaborative, analytical and value driven approach has enabled me to solve business problems in diverse industries. Most of my experience is in financial services but I have applied analytics in areas such as sports, logistics and social media.  Specialities: Predictive and descriptive analytics, machine learning, data exploration, insight generation, value creation Technologies: R, Alteryx, Tableau, QlikView
During this global pandemic I’m holding daily I’m holding Data Science discussions. Method Data Science Discussions:   You can hire me and/or my team at Method Data Science on a per-project or retainer basis.   About Me:  I make companies faster, more efficient, and smarter with data science, machine learning, and AI.   I'm a consulting data scientist and inventor. I help individuals and companies become data science rock stars - to use data science to transform the way that they think, make decisions, and build products.  I have years of experience both doing and teaching data science. I'm a generalist: my experience includes AI / machine learning, business analytics, data collection, data engineering and architecture, software development, study design, data preparation
Seasoned data scientist with experience in a wide variety of industries including energy, finance, and consumer tech. I optimize all the things utilizing machine learning, web development, scripting, data analysis, and whatever else it takes to get the job done.,
ML Practitioner Machine Learning (Software) Engineer Principal Data Scientist AI Researcher CAIO AI Product Manager (Agile and AnalyticsOps/AIOps/MLOps AutoML) Software Engineer Competitive Programmer Kaggle Master ML Consultant A Member of HBR Ascend Select A PSF Contributing Member Participant of TensorFlow Research Cloud (TFRC) program F6S Alpha Founder Ethical Hacker Open Source OSS Developer YC SUS Certified  An AI Entrepreneur Founder CEO Managing Director AI Chief of DeepBrainz Technologies: A DPIIT/DIPP Recognized AI Technology Startup Company; DeepBrainz, An End-to-End Autonomous Enterprise AI Platform and AI-first SaaS + Edge IoT Platform for Everyone, An NVIDIA Inception Member, A Google Cloud Technology Partner, An APN Technology Partner, Building, Advancing, and Democratizing Tomorrow's State-of-the-art AI and Cutting-edge Technologies, Focuses Influencing Industries Empowering Humanity Universally via AI for ALL Strategic Policy through RandD, Innovation and Breakthroughs!  An alumnus of Anna University Cambridge School YC SUS W2020 | An Objectivist Future Innovator and Influencer!  Information Communication and Technology ICT Computer Science CS and Engineering Data Science and Engineering  Artificial Intelligence AI Machine Learning ML Neural Networks Deep Learning CNNs LSTM GRU GANs Deep RL Supervised/Unsupervised Learning Data Science  Computer Vision CV  Natural Language Processing NLP Robotics Artificial General Intelligence AGI  Python and it's all major Libraries Scipy Stack scikit-learn TensorFlow Keras PyTorch ASF MXNet DeepMind DQN DNC Sonnet OpenAI Gym Baselines CUDA Hadoop MapReduce Spark Rstats and OSS  Google Cloud GCP AutoML Cloud TPU AWS MLaaS IBM Watson Azure ML Spark MLlib Hadoop Ecosystem  Substantive Expertise Big Data Mathematical Statistical Computational Quantitative Hacking Skills  IoT/IIOT Cloud-Native AR/VR Quantum Computing Blockchain and Emerging Technologies!  IT Business Strategy OKRs Management Entrepreneurship Startup and Innovation  Psychology Emotional Intelligence EQ/EI Decision Sciences  Creativity Brainstorming Critical Thinking Logical Analytical Problem Solving Interpersonal Skills and all Competencies  Above all, the key skill called LEARNABILITY with Growth Mindset will help acquire all necessary skills of all Emerging Technologies Markets to pursue my DREAMS through Mission Vision and Core Values!  To be an asset to the organization by working with honesty and determination and have challenges as my duty and opportunity to achieve professional and personal growth along with the organization.
I am currently involved in predicting the potential failures in wind turbines using standard signal data in one of the leading wind energy company. I am responsible for predicting the failures in different failure modes using machine learning algorithms like Random Forest, Decision trees and logistic regression.  I am also pursuing Business Analytics and Intelligence in Indian Institute of Management Banglore.  My area of expertise includes Predictive analytics, Machine learning, MicroStrategy and Tableau BI tools, PL SQL, Java, Business Requirement analyst. I have completed all courses pertaining to MicroStrategy like MCD, MCE,MCEP.  I have got great fervor for data science and predictive analytics I have also worked on Intergrating MicroStrategy and Tableau  with R analytics.  I have also got profound knowledge of Big data Analytics with Hadoop (MapReduce/ Hive).  I have also worked for developing  BI reports for the following organizations like 1. Tesco Groceries 2. Proctor and Gamble 3. Unilever.
30 years Design Experience.  70+ startups in the Bay Area, LA. UX, UI, Interaction, Visual, Motion, Brand, Illustration. etc. Founded several startups. First exit at 30. I been traveling the world for 20 years. I design and code.  I do 1-3 data projects every day for fun. I use algorithms, code, design, logic, math, models and statistics to satisfy my curiosity and whims.  dribbble.com/nonoumasy github.com/nonoumasy  Languages: Python, Javascript ES6 FrontEnd: HTML5/CSS3
Lior Gazit is a resourceful data scientist with a proven track record of researching and developing advanced algorithms and practical applications.   With a strong academic background and diversified work experience, he plans, leads, and executes projects through collaborations and clear-vision communication.  Lior is a Senior Data-Scientist and a supervisor in Applied Data Science, Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, a world leader in cancer care, research, and education.   The Applied Data Science team is a driving force utilizing state-of-the-art analytical tools and algorithms.   He designs and carries innovational operations driven by predictive modeling and machine learning.  Through his work, he solves critical needs in the hospital regarding financial planning, patient flow, admissions, and clinical research data through advanced mathematics.   Some of the concrete impact he has made: Cutting down analysts’ labor by 90% monthly through automating analytics pipelines, Reducing patient overflow on a weekly basis by providing a forecast of patient census
Business Intelligence and Analytics major Subjects: Data Warehouse,SQL,Big Data,Marketing Analytics, Web Analytics,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. Skilled in R, Python, deep learning, Tableau, Mongo DB, PL/SQL, and Java. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor's Degree focused in Computer Science from VTU. PFA my resume,
Having earned an Applied Math and Economics Bachelors degree from Harvard, and a Masters in Data Science from Columbia, I enjoy bridging the quantitative and the qualitative worlds together, using technology and data science to translate numbers into real-life applications, to influence strategy, business practices and decision making in both the private sector and the public sphere. That's why I founded Datavima.   At Datavima, our goal is to leverage technology, in the form of Data Analysis (simple or sophisticated Machine Learning algorithms, as needed) and/or Product and Application Development to help clients generate insights from data, and improve the day-to-day management of their businesses and their bottom-line.   At PlaceIQ we focused on location intelligence. I developed algorithms for the ingestion of data (location-based and otherwise) from multiple sources into our Platform, as well as its processing and analysis, including Audience Scoring and Dwell Prediction.   At Oliver Wyman Labs, I continued to straddle the business and tech worlds, as a consultant + developer. As a consultant
Data Scientist and Analytics Professional with 3+ years of experience in machine learning, statistics, data mining, optimization, and programming: - Proven ability to extract raw data and translate them to valuable insights. - Highly skilled in examining, interpreting and reporting analytical results. - Enthusiastic about applying my expertise in analytics to solve challenging problems.  Data Science Skills: Data Collection, Data Cleaning, Data Exploration (Statistical Inference, Clustering, Data Visualization), Feature Selection, Dimensionality Reduction, Machine Learning (Regression, Classification
I am passionate about driving business outcomes through advanced analytics.  By leveraging structured and unstructured data, I utilize machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques to optimize supply chain, logistics, and operations processes and produce actionable insights. I believe in creating cohesive data stories through intuitive visualizations to aid in decision making, and am proficient at bridging communication and process facilitation between highly technical project experts and management or business end users.  I am particularly interested in applying my skills towards building innovative, optimized and automated systems to strategically impact life science, geopolitical, and social wellness issues.
February 14,Passionate and detail-oriented Data Scientist with 6+ years of experience in driving business growth by generating insightful recommendations using Statistics and Machine Learning across financial and e-commerce domains.,mathur_ankit,
I am a Senior Machine Learning Engineer and Data Scientist with over 5 years experience in model development and cloud deployment. I have experience leading and building end-to-end Machine Learning solutions in production environments. My core technology stack includes python, pyspark, scala, spark ML, scikit-learn, docker, AWS and front-end implementations with flask and Dash. I have a broad technical skill set in Statistics and modeling techniques with a strong interest in time-series problems.  I am pursuing a Doctorate in Big Data Analytics from CTU and I currently hold a Masters in Data Science from SMU. I began my career as an Electrical Engineer with a B.S. in Engineering from Harvey Mudd College.,ElDataScientist
Data Scientist II with Amazon, currently part of the AWS AI ML Solutions Lab. In this capacity, he works with customers to help them leverage applied ML science for novel applications.  Here, Yash uses statistical models, machine learning techniques and deep learning architectures (using AWS services and modeling languages including Python, R, Scala) to prototype new solutions in NLP, Recommender Systems and Supply Chain domains. Yash blends his background in User Behavior (Human Factors), Product Development (Wearable Devices) and Statistics to meet these objectives.  He is always interested in conversations related to Wearable Devices, UX and how Data/ ML Driven approaches can work to meet the customer needs related to these domains.
I am a Quantitative Researcher with experience in academia and the software industry. Skilled in statistical modeling of natural resources (agriculture and fisheries), weather, and ocean variability. I'm a competent programmer, people manager, and I have been awarded for innovative methods in geostatistics and time series.,
Hi, I am Mehul Zawar. I graduated from Purdue University with Master of Science in Business Analytics and Information Management. I have learned advance topics in Data Mining and Predictive Analytics and their use in Business.  Some skills that I believe differentiate me from other candidates are thorough understanding of business processes, result-driven actions, and distilling complex analysis into concise business-focused takeaways.  Over the past 7 years, I have worked with companies like PricewaterhouseCoopers, Aegis Limited and Bosch and Siemens where I have worked on creating strategic business plans, forecasting demand, modeling marketing campaigns and improving operational processes by studying data and using various statistical analysis to uncover patterns and trends. It is my superpower and something that I am really passionate about.  At Purdue, I was among the top 25% of students and was honored to be on the Dean's list.  I have participated in various Machine Learning case competitions and hackathons. I won the Google Applied Machine Learning Hackathon, a competition to solve a business challenge using Machine Learning techniques, as well as the SAS Optimization Challenge, where I developed an optimization model for promotion bundling for a FMCG giant  If you are looking to add Analytics capability to your team, who can help drive the business
Biostatistician and data scientist with 17+ years in public health and clinical trials. In my free time, I develop causal inference methods for personalized digital health using wearable-device or app data in single-case / n-of-1 studies. 
I enjoy the challenge of solving complex and impactful problems, mining data and using mathematical methods to solve them. I enjoy collaborating with team members from different backgrounds, learning new topics, being exposed to different insights, and gaining new skills along the way.
D Dharmendra has around 8+ years of experience in the field of analytics(Data warehousing, Business Intelligence and Big data)  and advanced analytics( Data Science) using R and Python with a wide range of customers/clients across the globe which includes USA, UK and India.  -Proven experience in  implementing advanced analytics approaches including statistical modelling, machine learning principles etc. to answer business questions and drive actionable insights using R and Python. -Experience and knowledge in statistical and machine learning techniques: Linear/logistic regression,         Decision tree, Random forest, GBM, SVM, Clustering, Association rules, NLP, Text mining
Innovative, cooperative and detail-oriented professional with 3+ years of work experience in Data Science and Data Analytics.    Proficient in cleaning, transforming, analysing and modelling enormous data sets to determine patterns and trends of   attributes, to extract the conclusion and support the decision making process of an organisation    Expertise in Hypothesis Testing ( AB testing), Regression Analysis (Univariate, Multivariate and Logistic), RFM Analysis, Data Mining, Decision Tree, Cluster analysis, Market Basket Analysis, statistical modelling techniques and other machine learning areas using analytical and visualization tools like R
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the telecommunications industry. Skilled in Python, Probability Theory, Microsoft Excel, Statistical Modeling, and Statistical Inference. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Science (MSc) focused in Statistics from University of Mysore.,
I am a biomedical engineer developing algorithms for optical sensors.  I worked as a researcher at the Beckman Laser Institute, designing programs to assess physiological signals for peripheral arterial disease (PAD) and breast cancer. After doing consulting work in the medical software industry post-graduation, I am working on my master's at Georgia Tech (computer science) to pursue future RandD work (machine learning).  Specialties: - Python (TensorFlow, Keras) - MatLab - LabView - SolidWorks  For resume details,
An experienced data scientist hands on experience in interpreting and analyzing data through ML, Statistical techniques and deriving meaningful insights to implement solutions in a fast-paced environment.
I have over 15 years experience in the intersection between behavioral health and predictive analytics. I've worked for major companies like IBM and Microsoft and their clients. I have had extensive experience in corporate and government verticals.  My particular strength is in taking qualitative research or business problems and turning those into repeatable quantitative solutions that deploy at larger scale. I also employ soft skills and systematic methodologies to gain consensus.  ​ I utilize a process to determine the business problem, quantify it, determine the data systems that are pertinent , the quality of the data that is there, and to diagnose how long the modeling stage would take,dawnmdaras,
Senior Data Scientist with 10+ years experience in image processing, data analysis, data mining, statistical modeling, machine learning, algorithms, grid computing and software development
Data Scientist Control Systems Engineer Physicist
Software engineer in San Francisco trained in Computational Physics. Passions include deep-learning, distributed-system architecture, and hammocks.
Pursuing Master of Information System Management degree at Heinz College, Carnegie Mellon University.  Expected graduation date: May 2019. With great passion about data, I am willing to unveil its value in the designated business scope.   My Skills: Programming: Python, Java, SQL, R  Tools: Tableau, Weka, Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Axure, SPSS   Managerial: Business acumen, Teamwork
Skilled in R, Tableau, Python and Java. Strong business development professional with a BS in Statistics from University of California, Los Angeles. Huge fan of machine learning and Big Data. Pursuing a Master degree in Information System, concentrate in Business Intelligence and Data Science from Carnegie Mellon University.
Data Scientist | Automotive | Finance | Algorithmic Trading |,
I am a Purdue grad with a degree in Mechanical Engineering and Statistics. I worked in the Predictive Science Lab with the research focus on applying various Machine Learning/Deep Learning algorithms on real-world engineering problems. I am most proficient in supervised Machine Learning and Deep Learning and prefer to work in a fast-paced, hands-on and collaborative environment.   My love for ML began two years back when I tried to find out the reasoning behind the name 'Neural Networks'. What started as a small inquisitiveness became my passion and I did not look back since then. I have projects/experience covering various aspects of the Data cycle including Data Mining. Web Scraping, Visualization, etc to build models like Recommender Systems, ChatBots, using Deep Learning, NLP, etc.   Equipped with a broad range of skills necessary for my career in ML/Data Science, I am looking for exciting opportunities in the same.
As a business-minded Data Scientist, my interest is in applying machine [deep] learning algorithms for solving complex problems in various finance topics such as fraud detection, money-laundering detection, credit risk modeling, forensic accounting, applying NLP in auditing, compliance and news signals detection, banking industries stress-testing, risk management and modeling.,
Experienced Graduate Research Assistant with a demonstrated history of working in the software engineering industry. Skilled in data science, python, machine learning, software development. Strong research professional with a Master of Science - MS focused in Machine Learning from University at Buffalo and 3 years of work experience.  Skills : Python| SQL | R | Pandas | Numpy| Jupyter | Scikit-Learn | Matplotlib | Seaborn | Plotly | Keras |Tensorflow | AWS | Tableau | PySpark | Data extraction | Data cleaning | Data exploration | Data analysis | Data Visualization | Prediction | Forecast | Classification | Statistical analysis | Statistical tests-  Z test, T test, F test, ANOVA | Hypothesis testing | Time-series analysis | Experimental Design(A/B testing) | Dimensionality reduction | Over-Under sampling | Bayesian and descriptive statistics | Customer segmentation | Market-basket analysis| Recommendation Engine with implicit and explicit feedback| Linear Regression |Logistic Regression | Unsupervised ML | Feature Engineering |Tree based ML models- Decision Trees, Random Forest| Ensemble ML models- XGBoost | Deep learning- CNN, Neural Network, GAN, SVM | Excel,
Years of Experience: 1.5 Aptitudes: Python, Sklearn, Pandas/Numpy, Machine Learning, Cloud Computing, Statistics Industries: Finance, Fintech, Real Estate, Edtech  I'm a data scientist. My training includes a 3-month immersive course at Galvanize wherein I developed proficiency in python, SQL, numpy, the suite of basic predictive/analytic models (k-nearest neighbors, linear regression, logistic regression
Highly competitive, self driven and ready to go to any extent to get things done.   Self Taught Data Scientist with 3 years of experience in R,Python,SQL, Descriptive and Predictive Analysis,AI/ML Model Building (Regression,Classification,Time Series) and Testing, Deep Learning (Tensor Flow) and currently working on NLP,NLG and Knowledge Graphs.  A professional BeatBoxer and a seasoned Artist, an exclusive club member of Accenture MyPassion Club having performed in all 5 stars and 3 stars Hotels in Bangalore.,
Experience in product and marketing analytics, targeting, segmentation, predictive modeling and recommendation system. Profound academic and professional knowledge in the field of analytics and data science.   Specialist: -- Technical: Machine learning (GLM, Random Forest, Gradient/Ada Boosting, SVM, Clustering, Feature engineering), Deep learning, Natural language processing -- Programming: Python, R
Well Experienced Data Analytics and have mastered business Analytics workflow skilled in python programming and worked in various challenging machine learning and deep learning problems and also have best knowledge and experience about  AWS,NLP,SQL server,SSIS and Tableau
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the management consulting industry. Skilled in Python, Machine Learning, Data Analysis, SQL and Java  Worked with startups and Big 4 consulting companies to solve their business problems and drive data-driven decision making.
Leveraging machine learning to help customers manage their costs on AWS,
Data scientist with 2+ years experience skilled in R, Python, and SQL. I bring a deep understanding and knowledge of statistical methods and am actively engaged in projects that use data to drive business value.  I have a passion to grow.
Three adjectives that best describe me are - inquisitive, perseverant and an effective communicator.  I am a strongly driven by Einstein's words If you can't explain it to a six year old, you haven't understood it well enough  My skills and interests include - python, SQL, scikit learn, keras, Tensorflow, predictive modeling, statistical analysis, NLP, hadoop and ETL.
Data Professional with Research and Development experience in Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning and Statistical Analysis, driving projects end to end from problem definition, data collection, model training and deployment to production.  Interest Areas: Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Deep learning, Experimentation, Product Analytics.  Here to solve important and challenging problems, build data driven products and drive automation impacting businesses at large. Skilled communicator with an interest in working across teams and bridging the gap between tech and business.
Championing Women in tech – Delivered a technical talk at the Women in Data Science Puget Sound 2019 chapter.,
I studied Applied Mathematics and Computer Science at the Colorado School of Mines, and Physics at University of Colorado. I am proficient in R, python and SQL. At Clickfox, in the role of Data Scientist I contributed to project design, analytic modeling, and presentations for client engagements. I Used CART and ensemble methods, boosting and bagging, to build prediction and description models, with time series event data. I contributed research and prototyping analytic algorithms for Clickfox (CEA) product features and developed analytic tools in R and python.  I identified opportunities for development, and streamlined data analysis processes. I prototyped new tools for data mining and automated tasks for improved team efficiency. I researched anomaly detection on event data sets and random forest prediction accuracy vs time, number of trees, and bootstrap sample size. I enjoy coding and solving data problems. I am interested in AI
Data Scientist with a background in physics and math and over 10 years experience in finance and mobile commerce, leveraging data to pilot investment decisions, influence customer adoption, reduce costs, drive profits, and improve process efficiency.  • Skilled with Python, SQL, Tableau, and the communication of results  • Passionate about Product Analytics, Recommendation Systems, and Applied ML • Motivated by application of data-driven decision making to produce measurable results  Looking for new opportunities in data analytics and machine learning.,clarencestephen,
10 years of data analysis experience (6 years in industry (data analyst) and 4+ years in academia (Ph.D.)) -  4 years of research data-science experience (Python, SQL, matplotlib, NumPy, Pandas, scikit-learn library)  I am a data science/machine learning enthusiast.  I am open to leverage machine-learning techniques to solve complex business problems using my professional problem-solving experience as an engineer and complex research problem-solving experience as a Ph.D. student and business operations experience as an entrepreneur at a startup.  I have over six years of Network performance data processing and Analytics in the wireless communication and internet software domain where I have used and processed large scale network performance data to solve domain-specific business problems. I also have over four years of data science research experience where I have used machine learning and deep learning models to solve complex non-linear research problems in smart grids.  I love to Leverage machine learning, deep learning, and AI to solve complex business problems and learn new problem-solving techniques from various online resources.   I have the following skills related to tackling data science problems. Programming: Python, SQL, Matlab Visualization: Matplotlib, Seaborn, Tableau. Data wrangling: NumPy, Pandas, pyspark
Data Scientist with theoretical math and software engineering background.,
I am an experienced Data Scientist and Machine Learning Engineer. My daily work revolves around exploiting and researching Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning use cases for problem at hand, building predictive models and development of production grade software and machine learning systems. I have experience building predictive models to detect fraud, provide recommendations and classifying risk. I also have more than 3 years of experience in the industry as a Backend Software Engineer building scalable applications, Service Oriented Architecture and RESTful services handling more than 1000 transactions per second for mobile apps with over 450,000+ downloads and web applications with more than a million user-base.  Key Skills:  Data Science and Machine Learning: Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forest, Ensemble Learning, Bagging, Boosting, K-Means, Naïve Bayes, SVM (Linear and RBF)
Proficient in handling SQL statements and performing data analysis using various analytic tools like Python, PySpark, Tableau, AWS and R. •	Experienced in large and complex data extraction, cleaning and manipulation.  •	Experience in text data extraction, Web scarping, Tokenization, Stemming, Lemmatization and other NLP operations. •	Performed advanced dashboards and visualizations using Tableau Desktop/ Flask deployment on AWS EBS to easily interpret the data. •	Experienced in building predictive models, recommender systems, Deep NLP models using supervised and unsupervised algorithm like SVM, linear/logistic regression, Clustering, K-Means and Deep Learning like CNN
My pathway so far has been: psychology   neural networks   programming   math   artificial intelligence. Let's chat about something interesting!,
Manisha Vyas has MS in Information Management from University of Washington, Seattle with specialization in Business Intelligence and Data Sciences.   She has interned with PointB Management Consulting as a Business Intelligence Engineer and actively worked on various stages of data warehouse development and business intelligence reporting.   She has also worked with Technology and Social Change group at University of Washington in capacity of a Research Assistant to develop 'Development and Access to Information (DA2i)' dashboard for monitoring the progress of various countries towards achieving United Nation's 2030 Sustainable Development Goals.  She has over 4 years of experience in designing and implementing risk solutions at Deloitte’s Cyber Risk practice. She was part of the Information and Technology Risk Management (ITRM) group with key focus on Governance Risk and Compliance (GRC) domain.   Certifications: RSA Archer Certified Administrator and ISO 27001:2005 Lead Implementer,
Actively job searching for Data Scientist/Analyst positions.   Most recently, I was a data scientist (contractor) working remotely for a NY-based startup, Saturn Cloud. I focused on demonstrating value/time saved from leveraging Saturn's distributed computing platform, using technologies like distributed Dask, GPUs, and Prefect. You can reference my Github or Medium below to see the Jupyter Notebooks and articles I produced while at Saturn. I was a technical support on sales calls, and regularly interfaced with engineering in testing new features and creating documentation for product releases.   My work experience includes Business Development at a seed fund in Hong Kong, Product Design at a small company in Portugal, Quality Assurance for a venture studio in Chicago, and a Pre-Sales role at the fastest U.S. startup to a 2B valuation.   I completed a Metis data science bootcamp by end of 2019. Throughout the bootcamp, I gathered publicly available/real world data (as opposed to clean, Kaggle datasets).   All of the projects I created while at Metis are summarized in my medium, as well as some of the use cases I developed while at Saturn Cloud: I’m also a fan of swapping travel/work stories over coffee (virtually or in-person) and playing music. Please email or message me even if you are not a recruiter. I love to network and play piano.
I am a senior data scientist with experience in several different facets of machine learning, deep learning, human factors engineering, and AI Ethics. I particularly enjoy working with stakeholders to determine what type of algorithmic system or insights may be most valuable to them and then determining the most intuitive manner to accomplish these goals. To support this goal, I have a strong knowledge of a multitude of algorithms, Python, Spark, as well as SQL. In addition, I quite enjoy teaching others about technology's potential and helping them understand its strengths and weaknesses.  Altogether, over the the past 11 years I have worked on a wide assortment of data science and machine learning projects, working with clients and their data by applying the latest state of the art research towards industry problems. I was the lead engineer on many of these projects, coordinating within my team and across additional stakeholders to deliver projects on time.,
I have over a decade of experience in using data science to solve business problems. I've lead data science, machine learning, and AI projects at Microsoft, Adobe, Airbnb, and T-Mobile, and have helped build data science teams from scratch.,
Machine Learning enthusiast , working as Data Scientist in WalmartLabs Bangalore.Skilled in python, R, Natural Language Processing (NLP),  Deep Learning, and Machine Learning. Strong mathematical background with a Master of Science (MSc) in Mathematics And Scientific Computing from Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur.,souraj23
Ph.D. mathematician with a passion for solving complex problems and delivering product that outperform customer expectations.  Effective communicator of technical and business information, honed by many years of leading separate teams of data scientists, engineers, researchers, and product managers, energizing employees in the vision of the company.   A founding member of Ayasdi with a roll-up-the-sleeves attitude to bring about company’s mission while continuously engaging customers and delivering successful product.  Currently leading Product and Innovation where I am responsible for the entire Ayasdi Platform and my team successfully defined, built, and launched a cloud-based automated data analysis application.  Speaker and thought leader of data discovery and unsupervised analysis,
I am enthusiastic about devising innovative solutions to challenging business problems leveraging data science techniques. Through my experience with Mastercard in customer, financial and business analytics, I have become passionate about creating impact through data driven solutions.   My expertise lies in Predictive and Prescriptive Analytics. Skills: Hadoop (Hive, Pyspark), SAS, R, Python, SQL, Julia,
Passionate about building neural networks and applying it to solve large-scale NLP problems involving text analysis, language modeling, speech recognition, and machine translation. Skills: Languages: Python, Java, C++, SQL, Scala ML/DL libraries: TensorFlow, Keras, Spark ML, SciPy, Scikit-Learn
My work focuses on designing scalable algorithms for the analysis of large social and information networks, and recommender systems.  Specialties: Social Network Data Management and Analysis,purpleinca
Software Engineer with 4 + years of IT industry experience with 3 + year of experience in data science. Skilled in artificial intelligence, machine learning, statistics, problem solving and programming.
a Latin quote which translates to - If I can not bend the will of Heaven, I shall move Hell is my view towards life.   Curious, self - driven individual with strong statistical, analytical and programming skills, and a keen interest in making sense of structured and unstructured data.   Technical Details Data Analysis - Linear and Logistic Regression, K-Mean and Hierarchical Clustering, Decision Trees, Neural Networks, Random Forest, Navies Bayes  Python Libraries - Pandas, Tabulate, Arrow
I am a Data Scientist with profound interest in playing with data. I try to amalgamate technologies to produce optimised and valuable results. While teaching through, I was spellbound by the field of Data Science and realised this is what I desired to do in my life.
I have a passion for telling stories through data, for building tools, for creating custom interactive visualizations, and for learning new concepts. I believe big data needn't be impersonal; instead, analyzing it should provide a means to discover microcosmic trends and nuances as they pertain to individuals. I'm particularly fascinated with tech as it applies to the spheres of music, advertising, history, language, and health, and I am mainly self-taught in Python/Pandas, R (Shiny), SQL, Flask, HTML/CSS
Experienced self motivated engineer with a demonstrated history of working on the cross roads of Cyber Security and Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning.,
I love combining big picture strategy with data-driven analysis to tell stories and influence decisions, whether it's through investing, strategy or data science.
Recent graduate in Business Analytics and Project Management from The University of Connecticut. I have a background in problem-solving using statistical analysis, machine learning, and ETL. With over 3 years of work experience as an ETL developer at Accenture I have more recently transitioned into the role of a data scientist during my internship at Charter Communications.   I am experienced at analyzing large datasets using SQL, R, Python and ETL tools and coming up with significant insights. In addition, I  am adept at communicating technical concepts to non-technical or business-oriented audiences.  If you would like to discuss my qualifications,
A self motivated data scientist, and a software developer, pocessing an extensive analytical skills, strong attention to detail, and a significant ability to work in team environment. An enthusiastic who has a knack of mathematics, statistics and sports. Very skilled in problem solving, design and analysis of algorithm and solution prototyping. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Technology (M.Tech.) focused in Computer Science and Engineering from National Institute of Technology Goa.
Strong background in statistical modeling, machine learning, time series, predictive modeling ect •	Proficiency with Python, R, Matlab (6+ years) •	Experience with Scala, Java, Spark, relational databases such as SQL  •	Apply statistical model, machine learning solutions (regression, SVM, KNN, Naïve Bayes,  random forest
Data Scientist  Hohonu, an early-stage startup dedicated to providing accurate tidal forecasts at a hyper-local scale. Passionate about the future of IoT and on device intelligence.,msarmi9
Seasoned Data Scientist with demonstrated history of working in Tech for Data Science and Analytics focusing on Health and Wellness and Retail areas like Pharmacy, Vision, Assortment, Store Operations. Skilled in Application and Tool development, Data and Analytics to deliver key insights and Building models using Natural Language Understanding, Deep Learning, Machine Learning and Statistical Modelling for achieving business objectives. Strong Research Professional with a 5 Year Integrated Master's Degree in Economics from IIT Kanpur.,
Computer Vision and Artificial Intelligence software engineer with professional experience in designing and implementing E2E ML Pipelines and Infrastructure. My open source Machine Learning and Computer Vision projects on GitHub are avail here: https://github.com/joehoeller
Experienced Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry and government analysis sector.   Skilled in Economic Policy Evaluation, Data Science, Game Theory, Technological Innovation, Process Improvement, Educational Assessment, Faculty Recruitment, Academic Retention, Student Development, Government Optimization, and Economic Equity.  Strong educational professional with a background in science, a degree in economics, and a passion for quantum mechanics.
Computer Science enthusiast, post graduated from IIT Kharagpur, passionate for data science and a python lover, I have grabbed a good hand on experience on various ML algorithms , tools and packages.   My recent work revolve around building models out of text by using neural network/deep learning techniques which is realm in machine learning era.   You will find me on various dataset challenge platforms like kaggle, AnalyticsVidhya and DataDriven developing solutions for real-time data.
Building products to power FMP for Agencies program.
I believe data driven decision making is key to an organization's success. I am an experienced data analyst and analytics solution design consultant having helped Fortune 500 companies make sense of their data. I am a quick learner and love to brainstorm on innovative ways for problem solving.  I am currently a graduate student at the University of Cincinnati for MS in Business Analytics where I aim to expedite my learning curve and build my analytical prowess.
There is something truly fulfilling about using technology to help people. And that's what I do.,shubhankar_jain
An engineer by training, I apply quantitative analysis and modeling to deliver product and business insights, and am generally interested in the intersection of data, risk, and design. Skills: Analytics, Machine Learning, Statistics, R, Python, SQL
Data Scientist and AI enthusiast excited about building classification models, engineering features, pattern identification algorithms, text mining, creating visualizations and automating the analytics process.   I am passionate about solving real-world problems leveraging my skills with data analysis, algorithms, statistics, and machine learning techniques.  Skills: Python Programming, Pandas, Numpy, SciPy, Seaborn
Data Scientist working at the intersection of machine learning, language, law and policy.
Data Scientist specializing in the field of Recommendation Systems with 2+ years experience  I enjoy and thrive in the phase of Zero to One: Successfully setup a Feed Personalization Engine from scratch for Glance - a screen zero content discovery platform with over 100Mn DAU. Currently working on more nuanced problems like serving Deep Learning based model predictions in real time, Recommendation for Cold users, Explore-Exploit framework and Diversity in recommendation.  Impact driven - both social and financial, always enthusiastic about working on ideas that aim to achieve social benefit. Love reading books on Philosophy, Anthropology and History in the free time I find after playing with my dog.,
Looking forward to leverage data analytical skills to improve corporate performance as a Data Scientist.,
I am interested in building solutions to everyday problems. While my core expertise lies in traditional data science skills, I've worked on projects that called for multidisciplinary approaches and that afforded me exposure to solution architecture and engineering.  Prior to my forays into data science, I was a graduate student in Physics, modelling and simulating biomolecular systems using molecular dynamics. My thesis was on sampling and modelling algorithms to extract molecular behavior that cannot be accessed by brute-force simulation alone.
Masters in Computer Science from IIT DHANBAD.  Passionate about Research, Coding and Problem Solving and I love to take up challenging jobs. Research 
Data Science, Machine Learning, Information Security, Computer Vision.,
Data scientist with 8 years’ experience in the Data Science/Advanced analytics domain - Hands on work experience in complex projects like building recommendation systems, vehicle routing and  pricing systems - Proficient in SQL,Python,PySpark,SAS,R   - Experienced in Machine Learning techniques like clustering, regression, decision trees, random forest and collaborative filtering.  - B.E. in Electronics Engineering from VIIT Pune, India
I have over 5 years of experience working in data science. Currently, I work as Warner Bro's Senior Data Scientist, improving products and services for our customers by using advanced analytics, standing up big-data analytical tools, creating and maintaining models, and on-boarding compelling new data sets.  Previously, I was a Data Analyst at Universal, where I analyzed data from some of the biggest enterprise companies in the world to educate the market on long-term internet trends.
Received prestigious Special Award for contributing to Microsoft's success via critical impact to WDG. (February, 2017)  Nominated as a HiPo, Microsoft's prestigious internal training program for High Potential individuals to enable accelerated career growth (~0.3% from across the company are nominated).  Received 2015 Data Driven Award​ at Microsoft. (June, 2015)  Received Microsoft's OEM Made the Difference Award  for contribution towards device market analyses and forecast. (March, 2014)  Interested in analyzing large datasets, forecasting, mathematical/statistical modelling, economic theory as well as statistical/econometric modeling to understand consumer behavior.   Skills include MATLAB, STATA, R, SAS (Basic), MS-Excel, C (Basic), SQL   Awarded by Department of Economics
I am a passionate data evangelist who believes in creating strategy and informing decisions that are rooted in business acumen, thoughtful research, and data analyses. Understanding your users is imperative in today's market and being hands-on through the entire data process not only creates that understanding, but also allows you to see the limitations of your data and where the next opportunity lies.  Specialties: Analyzing large and complex datasets, training and deploying predictive models, building automated data pipelines, big data insights, creating a personalized user experience rooted in data, analytic strategy, product development, machine learning, media research, product enhancements
Data Scientist at Chief Analytics Office, which is internal AI Center of Excellence at IBM. I am utilizing cutting edge technology to drive IBM's transformation such as NLP, Machine learning, Deep Learning and many other sophisticated analytics tools..  Master student of Operation Research program at Columbia University, with an undergraduate degree in Mathematics and Finance. Passionate about quantitative analysis and making all things possible. Creative innovator and problem-solver, eager to thrive by exploring opportunities and can learn quickly in the Company environment which fosters a culture of communication, team and hard work.   Strong quantitative skills in machine learning, NLP, deep learning, stochastic process, optimization, familiar with Python, R and SQL. Accumulated experience using statistical analysis such as multiple linear regression
Self-starter | Go-getter | Effective Communicator  Specialties: - Data Mining and Machine Learning - Quantitative analysis and quantitative finance - Statistical models and clinical trials - Risk management modeling using VaR and Monte Carlo Simulation  Currently seeking full time data science/analyst opportunity.,
Data science executive using my skills to help others. Combining rigorous science with human empathy.   Kindness | Creativity | Action.
6+ years of experience in growth and product data analytics. Strategic thinker and impact driven. Built the data strategy for the first business online lending product in AMEX from the incubation stage to global-wide sustainable growth. Developed the company-wide adopted customer data platform in Groupon and drove lifecycle strategy across all business units. Built the metrics and reporting system in the Airbnb growth team. Hands-on experience on driving growth through Email, Push, Phone, Direct mail, Referral, in Finance and tech industry.   Specialties: Story telling with data visualization, Metrics Framework, A/B testing, Predictive modeling, SQL, Python, Tableau
Well rounded data scientist skilled in data preprocessing, data wrangling, statistical analysis, mathematics, machine learning and Python and R scripting. Strong communication skills and ability to simplify concepts derived from experience as an instructor.   Leverage methods from machine learning, deep learning, statistical modelling to gain insights to drive decision processes for business applications.   Experience: Big Data: Hadoop, Mapreduce, Spark Machine Learning: Supervised Learning (Linear and Multiple Regression, Logistic Regression, Random Forest, Gradient Boosting, Linear Discriminant Analysis, Naive Bayes) Unsupervised Learning (Clustering
I am an experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of developing complex artificial intelligence solutions at top corporates and startups alike. Highly skilled in Deep Learning, Machine Learning and Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, I am a technology enthusiast who is passionate about delivering value powered by technology.  I am also an active contributor in the AI community through regular mentorship and participation. I have presented, volunteered and been a delegate at various conferences centered around AI and Computing such as Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing (GHCI), Emerging Worlds: Innovating for the Billions, MIT Media Labs Initiative.I am the recipient of Annual Excellence Award from IIT Roorkee in recognition of achievements during Bachelors. I hold two publications in reputed international conferences, proceedings and have also filed patents as part of my work. I actively promotes women in workplace and in AI community by writing blogs and posts.   I loves the challenges in building human-centric AI and am always eager to help make this space better.
Data Science | Python | Signal Processing,
Graduated with a Master’s degree in CS from NJIT specializing in the field of Data Science and analytics. 3 plus years of industry experience including a couple of internships in the field of Data Science/ Analytics. Experience of quantitative and qualitative research /Primary and Secondary research. Exceptional strategist analyzing trends and forecasting sales to develop long-term strategies, key objectives, and operations execution plans based on business best practices as well as maximum growth and profitability. Experience in managing and maintaining MS project plans, status/dashboards on multiple large Projects. Ability to work well with numbers and analyze complex data. Extensive experience in Data Processing and Data Analysis and Report Writing. Hands on experience with object-oriented design and technologies, relational databases and web technologies. Thorough understanding of various Cloud concepts with a certificate course in Cloud Computing. Understanding of Big data applications and familiar with technologies such as Pig Latin, Dryad and Dryad LINQ. Comprehensive experience in C, C++, Java, R programming, Python UI Frameworks, QlikView, Alteryx, Tableau and R-Shiny. Good working experience in SAS and Python. Knowledgeable in Hadoop Storage system. Strong knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and process methodologies like Agile methodology. Actively involved in requirement gathering
jenior Financial Analyst with the Finance Innovation Office at Hewlett Packard Inc. Prior to this, he worked with Tavant Technologies, a provider of digital software products and platforms, and associated consulting services from April 2018 to January 2019. From July 2015 to February 2018, Mr. Singh worked as a Lead Data Scientict at HARMAN Connected Services, a technologies company leader in Cloud, Mobile, Analytics Capabilities, Design and Software Services From August 2013 to July 2015 Mr. Singh worked as a Senior Research Analyst at Mu Sigma, a category-defining decision sciences and big data analytics company, helping enterprises systematize better data-driven decision making. Mr. Singh has worked with and led teams focused on algorithmic development for a variety of domains including numeric data, image processing
Engineer-Across-Streams. I have worked on various industry, university and self projects involving multi-disciplines: Electronics, Electrical, Mechanical, Comp. Sci., Physics,etc. and contributed to aspects of hardware, software, modelling and simulations, management and recruitment.   Working on a spectrum of problems has given me a wider outlook to finding solutions and the courage to come up with and try unorthodox methods in the face of unseen challenges. Today I wear the hat of a Data Scientist, and I am looking for a new interesting problem to solve. Most of what I know is self taught. My name means 'Knowledge'. I am Awesome.
5+ years in applied data science and machine learning.       • 10+ years in scripting and scientific programming.      • Continuous record of driving end-to-end complex data-driven projects.,
An inquisitive learner, data geek, cook and student at UConn – These are the few features that define me.  As a MS student in Business Analytics at UConn, I am fascinated about Data and Machine Learning. Having an undergraduate degree in CSE, I possess solid statistics and quantitative skiils with strong foundation in computing.  Prior to joining my masters program, I have worked as Data Analyst at COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS.  I worked on ETL Tool - Pentaho for Cognizant Application Services Team  where we encapsulated the life cycle of New hires in a dashboard containing all the matrices which helped the senior management to drive business decisions for the organization.    In depth knowledge of R Programming, SQL , Python  Tools: R Studio, SQL, ETL(Pentaho), Tableau, Visio
I've gathered a unique set of experiences from working at a Translational Neural engineering Lab, to working for the Millenium Villages Project at Columbia University, to working with epileptic patients at  Neurology Department at the NYU Langone Medical Center, and now as a Data Scientist at SparkBeyond.     At the neural engineering lab I worked in a collaborative effort to design a method to deliver safe and effective non-invasive electrical stimulation as a treatment option for various neurological disorders/conditions (patented)  For the Millennium Villages Project at Columbia University, I designed a mobile tool to predict the medical and social cause of death of individuals in rural communities, to analyze where the gaps lie within the MVP proposed primary health care model. The tool was launched in 11 villages across East and West Africa.   At the NYU Langone Medical Center, I managed research activities on the epilepsy unit. I interacted with epileptic patients implanted with Intracranial EEG, on a daily basis, to run various cognitive tasks for different research groups, set/troubleshoot the data acquisition system, manage/update all patient medical/research records, and ensure compliance with the IRB.   I now work as a Data Scientist at SparkBeyond, helping a diverse range of businesses work their data to improve their internal processes.
Passionate data scientist with a demonstrated history of teaching and building predictive models. Skilled in R, Python, and SAS. Excited to be working for a company that is making automated machine learning accessible to everyone, regardless of background. Interested in data science projects involving social good, sports analytics, and anything that drives real business value.
Podcast Host - GuestOfHonour anchor.fm/guestofhonor Passionate about innovation in healthcare. Ranking, Recommendations, Personalization for Shopping and Commerce Relevance in Microsoft.
I currently work as a Data Scientist in Domino's Digital Analytics team and partner closely with Engineering and Marketing design team to influence product strategy, conduct experimentation and iterate on UX ideas to help make data-driven decisions. Over 5 years of experience in SQL and Data Analysis working with large data sets.   Tools : Python/SQL/Hadoop/Power BI/Adobe Analytics/Excel on a daily basis for data analysis.,vaishaliogoti
I am a Data Scientist at Scanbuy with MS in Business Analytics and Project Management (MSBAPM) from University of Connecticut.  Previously, I worked with LIMRA as an insurance consultant to study the life insurance customer behavior and predict potential customers. Before that I worked as a Data Analyst in Infosys Ltd for 2.6 years, mainly on forecasting, predictive modeling and dashboarding.
Analytics professional with 5 years of experience working with clients across CPG, Pharma Retail and Insurance. Ambitious, dedicated and enthusiastic aspiring professional, willing to shoulder responsibility with zeal to learn and a passion to succeed.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in Data Science and Predictive Modeling. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Science (M.S.) focused in Industrial Engineering (Data Analytics) from Texas AandM University.
Dual-Title Ph.D. in Industrial Engineering and Operations Research with a minor in Computational Science. - Strong technical background in Data Mining, Data Visualization, Machine Learning, Statistical Analysis, and Mathematical Optimization Modeling. - Adaptive, collaborative with excellent strategic thinking and communication skills.
I am passionate about improving decisions using Statistics - Data Science. Both these areas tremendously excite me and I constantly endeavor to enhance my understanding of these.  I have 8 years experience as data scientist ( HSBC, Mu Sigma Inc.)  solving a wide array of business problems in marketing, product analytics, insurance claims operations and financial crime risk space,
Experienced Data and Applied Scientist  with a passion to develop Stats/ML models which contributes to the growth of the product. , Skilled in Machine Learning, Data Mining, Data Optimization and Decision Modelling, Data visualisation, Statistical Inference, Regression Modelling and Techinques. Knowledge of Recommendation systems,Text Mining, Social Network Analysis , Programming skills:  R, Python, SAS ,Database Mnagement System:  SQL  ,Data Visualisation: PowerBI, Tableau,
Data Scientist with 10+ years of experience in leading ongoing and ad-hoc analyses, leveraging applied statistics, predictive analytics, experimentation, and mining customer behavioral and attitudinal data to provide business and product leaders with actionable insights at both strategic and tactical levels.  Well versed in SQL, familiar with SAS, Python, and R, big data technologies like Hadoop and data visualization tools such as Tableau for full-stack data analysis, insight, synthesis, and storytelling.  Experienced in collaborating with cross-functional teams (i.e. marketing, finance
I lead a team of data scientists and machine learning scientists to build features, models and systems for online ad recommendations for the Bing search engine. I used to conduct research on inverse problems, estimation, statistical machine learning and distributed numerical optimization for deep learning domains.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the tech industry. Skilled in Data Mining, Business Intelligence, and Product Management. Strong research professional with a Master's degree focused in Engineering Management (Analytics) from Northwestern University and Bachelor's in Technology from IIT Bombay.,
Experienced Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in Microsoft Excel, Life Sciences, Data Analysis, and Linux System Administration. Strong analytical professional with a Certification focused in Statistics from University of Illinois at Chicago.,
Hari Prakash is a Decision Scientist at PayPal, currently working with the PayPal Global Collections Strategy team. He has previously worked with the PayPal Working Capital developing Credit Risk Strategies, focusing both on growth and risk mitigation. He graduated with an MS in Operations Research from the University of Texas at Austin with a focus in the areas of Applied Statistics and Data science and also has a Dual Degree in Engineering Design from Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Madras.,yogyaprakash,
Extensive experience and knowledge in big data, data science, statistics, data mining, statistical analysis and modeling, data visualization and dash-boarding, and optimization...  Ability to identify key insights from data Collaborative team member, Self-motivated, Passionate problem solver, Fast learner, and a competitive goal achiever 
Storyteller operating at the crossroads between technology and business through data science and analytics.  Babson Alum. Previous experience in developing business intelligence tools in the aviation industry and advancing entrepreneurial tech. initiatives in Singapore and Hong Kong. Currently designing forward-thinking networks across all businesses at The Walt Disney Company using the power of machine learning. Driven to accelerate efficiency and social engagement.  Beyond my work, I am passionate about development economics, diversity and inclusion initiatives, and the arts.  
Leader of machine learning projects focused on prediction and geospatial data analysis using Spark on AWS. Familiar with regression, time series, SVM and neural network models. Proficient in API querying and scrapping open source data using Python. Also experienced in R, SQL and SPSS.
Kaggle Competition Expert and Data Scientist with 4.5 years of experience in turning structured/un-structured data into actionable insights to make better data–driven decisions.  Good experience in implementing Machine Learning and Deep Learning models.  Skills - Machine Learning, Data Science, Deep Learning, Data Analytics Hands on - CNN (Convolutional Neural Networks), Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Keras, Tensorflow
Data scientist with a background in real estate and finance. Currently working on a project to predict Airbnb prices through statistical analysis (regression, decision trees) and natural language processing (sentiment analysis, topic modelling) on webscraped data.   Before this, I spent 2 years at The Ascott, developing its scale through platform investments, management agreements/leases (~USD 500m property value) and strategic joint venture partnerships. Regions covered include Singapore, China, Vietnam, Malaysia and Thailand. Asset classes covered include serviced apartments, hotels and senior living. Prior to working at The Ascott, I spent 13 months at Nielsen driving operational rigor across its Egypt, Pakistan, U.A.E and Saudi Arabia consumer panels.   Skills: Data science - Regression Modelling, Classification
I am a Data Scientist with BCG Gamma based in New York City, focused on delivering high-value advanced analytics and AI consulting services to clients. Previously, I graduated from the Data Science Institute at Columbia University in New York. I am driven by machine learning and data science applications in business. I have an affection for automation and process optimization.  I am an alumnus of the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay and I graduated in 2015 with majors in Chemical Engineering and minors in Systems and Controls Engineering.,1gauravsingh1
Lifetime Learner. DM for Digital Transformation, AI Strategy and Data-Driven Decision Making. Experienced Data Scientist in Product, Operations, Sales and Marketing. Growth- Product and Services Digital Marketing Content, CRM, Paid, SEO Strategy
Specialties:  - Data Mining, Big Data, Machine Learning - R, Python scikit - Random Forest, Boosted Trees, Support Vector Machine, Logistic Regression,Naïve Bayes, Feature Selection, and Dimensionality Reduction - Deep Learning and Neural Networks - Bagging and Boosting - Ensemble and Stacking Methods,soroosh_s
Rich experience in delivering end-to-end machine learning solutions - 1. Business problem framing 2. Data prep 3. ML/Time Series algorithm development, validation, and business impact analysis 4. Model deployment  5. Model monitoring and management 6. AI Governance and Ethics  Domain Knowledge : Quantitative Trading, Portfolio Management, Risk Modeling, Financial Technology, Time Series Modeling, Stochastic Processes  Industries built solutions for: Banking, Investment Management, Trading, Private Equity, Healthcare
Author of Data Science in Production  I am a seasoned data scientist in the central data organization at Zynga and have a diverse experience across game publishers and startups, with a focus on building impactful data products.,bgweber,
I'm a data scientist and leader at Wipro with a mission to democratize Decision Intelligence and safe, reliable AI. I bring a unique combination of deep technical expertise,  analytics management experience, and ability to lead organizational change. I've provided guidance on more than 20 projects and I have a Experiences more than 3+ years in domain BFSI, Manufacturing and Retail .Driving businesses with data driven automated model with end to end deployment at api level. Worked on image analytics with deep learning.   Primary skills  : data science, python, cloud Technology  (AWS and Microsoft Azure), strategy, Deep learning, Natural language processing(NLP), Excel, Visulization using Tableau and seaborne
Experienced data analyst with deep knowledge of finance and statistics, statistical analysis, and enterprise risk analysis. Experience with numerical analysis packages and scripting languages. Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Senior Member.  - In-depth project work in big data predictive analysis including: relational data mining, neural network, nearest k-neighbor, association rules, time series, regression trees, sequence clustering, Naïve Bayes.  - Expertise in power market risk model analytics of PJM and other ISO/RTO markets including peak/off-peak load analysis, using day-ahead and real-time market data of power generation, transmission, and congestion at various LMP zones/hubs.  - Mentor and accomplished practitioner in: market risk measurement
Thank you for visiting my profile.   I am a data analytics professional working on online retail and marketing analytics to improve business performance for our clients in the US.  I work in a fast paced competitive environment on cutting-edge technologies of data extraction and aggregation, visualisation, analytical modelling, actionable insights generation and predictive modeling using machine learning frameworks.   I love to interact with people and discuss about anything under the sky or beyond. Feel free to start a conversation :)
Data Science Enthusiast - Computer Gamer - Day Trader - Pet Lover / Rescue Volunteer  Have some degrees in Engineering - Worked in three continents - Travelled around the world - Speak some languages Life is short - Work Hard - Play Hard,
2 years of Advanced analytics experience in Customer Loyalty domain. - Presently working for one of the world's leading technology companies in Internet related services and products.  I am hands on in Python, R and SQL and have worked upon various projects involving campaign analysis using A/B tests, building predictive models to identify customers who would churn, potential customers for upsell campaigns etc.
Data Scientist with 8 years of experience in solving many real-world business problems across different domains, with proficiency in developing and deploying machine learning models.,Im_Disha,
Experienced, top-notch software professional who has been involved for over 20 years in design, development and deployment of complex and mission-critical systems as Chief Architect, Lead Developer and Project Manager.  * Strong enterprise focus and exceptional architecture/communication skills.  * Participated in and played an active lead role on high-profile projects for market leaders such as Bloomberg, NASDAQ, Microsoft, Merrill Lynch, HandR Block, Deluxe Corp, ATandT (Lucent), Broadbeam and Viacom, involving complex client and server-based systems design, implementation and deployment.  Specialties: Machine learning
Data Scientist  HGS Digital Skills: C, C++, Python Area of Interest: Data Science, Data Structure and Algorithm,Computer Vision, Machine Learning M.TECH (CSE)-M.I.T. Manipal B.TECH (CSE)-CHARUSAT-Anand
Torture the data, and it will confess to anything. - Ronald Coase (Nobel Prize winning economist)  Data enthusiast and a programmer with the desire to solve the business problems using Data Science related techniques.I am excited about using data to solve interesting and impactful problems.  Skills , Statistical analysis and data visualization using R, Python, SQL and Tableau , Experience with Data Mining and Machine Learning algorithms and implementations on Big Data Sets in R and Python thereby leveraging the power of parallel computation , Experience working with H2O (World’s leading open source Deep Learning Platform) Algorithms on Big Data Sets using R and Python. , Experienced with the implementation of Deep Learning Algorithms (AutoEncoders and Deep Features) , Interactive data visualization platform development using R Shiny and  ggplot2. , Data processing pipeline building using Linux, Python, R,Spark and Hadoop.
IBM certified Data Science professional with  8 years of experience in all phases of diverse technology projects specializing in Data Science and Analytics, Data Warehousing, Azure Machine Learning and Tableau.  Team builder with excellent communications, time and resource management and continuous client relationship development skills.    Ability (and hunger) to learn new data science  techniques, methodologies, software modules to answer business questions—I’m always looking for a more direct way of answering the business question  Wide breadth of programming experience including Python, R, SQL, Java/J2ee  and C++  My areas of expertise include:   Machine Learning  Deep Learning (ANN and CNN)   Advanced Statistics  Predictive and Data analysis  Data preprocessing , Data Wrangling and  Data Visualization   Building, Evaluating and optimizing ML models  Data Mining,cleansing ,Analysis and Reporting   A/B Testing  PL/SQL  Shell scripting  Web development(java / j2ee)  Object Oriented programming(using java
Completing Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science, I was able to develop a broad skill set in information technology, afterward, I decided to understand and learn the business side of information technology. During my Master's, I chose Business Information Systems and Data Analytics as majors, I was passionate to learn enterprise business requirements, information systems strategy, project management, etc. I developed a good command over data analytics tools including MySql, Python, Knime, and Tableau.  As a part of my industry project
I’m passionate about data science, specifically machine learning, data visualization and data-driven marketing. I firmly believe in utilizing technology and trends to guide decisions. As an individual, I like to challenge myself by creating new ideas to tackle the issues in our society today.   Beyond developing better coding knowledge (http://github.com/selinawj), I also dabble in speculative stocks trading and read up on the latest finance, technology, fashion and business buzz.,
M.S. Mathematics student in National University of Singapore. Compound background in Applied Mathematics, Data Analysis and System Analysis, with project experiences in Machine Learning, SQL, Tableau, Python, Java, C#. Actively seeking jobs related to data science.
Seeking a position in statistics field, where my strong analytical skills, ideas and a genuine enthusiasm would allow me to progress and grow.,
Hello. I am Albert. I am a student from Indonesia.  I want to be an engineer. To build cool things, to be useful for humanity, and to be productively happy.  In that pursuit, I ventured to four countries in the last four years: Indonesia, Singapore, China, and USA.  Let's both win, by helping each other win life.
I am a new graduate from the University of New South Wales with Business Analyst, Quality Analyst and Data Insights Analyst experience in the software development industry, also with basic knowledge of Database and Object Oriented Design, I have a good understanding of user-system interactions, both analysis and design (human-computer interaction processing system / models of interaction / process of design and evaluation).  In the role as a Salesforce software QA, I have had to learn the functions of Salesforce, and have become competant as a Salesforce Admin, studying towards my Certification. I have also been responsible for testing streams of work like Mass eDM, Visualforce Reporting, Sales Trust, etc for the Salesforce ISV Product built for the Real Estate Vertical.   As a data insights analyst, I have demonstrated excellent time management, and able to learn new software quickly. have shown I am a quick learner
Data Analyst with experience of working in Ecommerce, Financial Services and retails industry . Skilled in Machine Learning ,data mining and ETL, by using R,SAS, SQL, Python, Microsoft excel, PowerBI,etc
4+ years of overall IT experience. Data analysis in Excel and T-SQL and dashboard visualization using Tableau.  Open to learn new skills like PowerBI..
I'm a business analyst with a background in the maritime industry. During my time with Teekay Tankers as a marine engineer, I identified the need for data analysis to answer the questions looming over the industry. I decided to garner more experience in analytics and operations which led me to take up a role in Operations Analytics with Yulu, a bike-sharing start-up, to gain relevant work experience before pursuing a Master's programme in IT for Business Analytics (MITB) at Singapore Management University.   At Yulu, I was involved in operations, customer experience and warehouse management. I provided insights based on data collected from bikes and customers to answer questions like- What parts of the bike will fail next, Which region can we expect a rise/fall in demand, Reasons for higher customer complains, Which part of the city to launch in, etc.  At Teekay, I had the opportunity to work with a multi-national crew on board while being involved in preventive maintenance to reduce machinery mean time to failure, inventory management to track spare consumptions and equipment overhauls to increase vessel operational efficiency.   The MITB programme will equip me with the essential skills and tools required to garner insights from the large pools of data generated by companies and customers alike and due to the eclectic nature of electives offered, I will be able to burnish myself with the pertinent knowledge required to find solutions in different industries.   I am looking for fulltime opportunities in business intelligence and data analystics in Singapore.   Specialities Include -  --Business analysis  --Dashboard Design in Tableau, R Shiny and Power BI --Data analysis with R and Python --JMP and SAS  --Working with multi-national team members --Maritime domain knowledge  --Work experience at sea  Things that help me unwind - playing the guitar
If you can connect the technical solution to the business problem in a way that both sides understand, you will unleash the potential of the data.  Believer of the 80/20 rule.   A junior data analyst working in the Business Information Solutions team at RAC. Role includes development in Analytical Skills, Data Modelling, Data Visualisation and Stakeholder Management.   Continuously developing analytical skills to utilise data to provide actionable insights. Further interest in the actuarial pathway, business improvement and investments with a B.Sc focused in Actuarial and Applied Statistics.  Managing Perth's Young Sikh Professionals Network (YSPN) finances and external affairs. YSPN was formed to provide opportunities for the first generation of ian Sikh professionals to build their professional capacity and to build the profile of the community. YSPN has chapters in Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Perth and Auckland.,
Junior Data Analyst with experience across Transport-Tech and Retail industry. Highly analytical and process-oriented professional with intermediate understanding of business operations and analytics tools for effective analyses of data.   • Analytical capabilities include market segmentation, process management, business requirement analysis, research-cost analysis and portfolio/risk optimization. Driven and dedicated work ethics with a strong ability to convert business requirements into technical aspects.  • Project experience in data analysis; requiring data mining, exploratory analysis and attention to detail along with well-developed IT, programming and analytical skills.   • Demonstrated teamwork, leadership and problem-solving skills, working effectively in teams developing strong relationships.   Technical Skills:  • Hands on experience in using BI tools - Tableau and Power BI • Efficient in using Jedox and Pronto for Enterprise Performance Management and Analysis • Advanced Proficiency in MS Excel; VBA  • Intermediate knowledge of SQL and Python  Accolades:  • Received Golden Key International Award in recognition of outstanding academic achievement. • Recognised by Business Insider for accomplishments at UBER.,
Graduate software engineering - Junior Web Developer (2016) - Data Analyst (current) - php, html, javascript, mysql, node.js, REST API, mongoDB - Passionate, Motivated, Positive.,
I am resilient in my learning and I put in maximum effort in all my work, either independently or as a team.
Business Analytics student at Deakin University and an experienced Data analyst at one of the fastest growing IT company in Melbourne with a demonstrated history of working as a Team Lead in Information Technology sector, Services Delivery and Banking Industry. Skilled in Quality Control, CRM (HubSpot),Data visualisations (Power BI), Data mining, AML process, FATCA changes, Account Reconciliations, Change Management, Recruitment and Examination process, Project Management, Requirements Analysis and Banking Analysis. Strong Information Technology Professional with a Bachelor’s Degree focused in Business Administration in information Technology from Symbiosis International University.,
I am a Data Analyst | Data Scientist with background of Web Developer. I have found my increasingly passion in using data to solving the world problems beside the booming of AI. My vision to master the knowledge of machine learning, data analysis and deep learning together with well developing soft skill in communication, well-played team-work and issue troubleshooting.  Specifically, I'm open for any opportunities as junior data scientist and will look for a role where I can utilize my quantitative skills in the healthcare, finance and sport analytics fields.   I’m always interested in hearing from former colleagues, managers, or just interesting creative folk, so please to contact me if you’d like to connect.,
junior data analyst with property portal 99.co, one of the fastest growing start-ups in Singapore. I write about my experience as a non-techie in the world of tech at  With more than nine years of experience in both journalism and communications, I am also the author and photographer of The Invisible Force: Singapore Gurkhas, a book on the Singapore Gurkha Contingent that chronicles its role in Singapore's security and the Gurkhas'​ struggles after retirement.  
junior data analyst with strong analytical and communication skills. Proven successful sales and IT support experience. High level of responsibility and efficiency under pressure in a fast-paced environment. I am solution-focused and committed to continuous improvement.
Data Science, Data Analyst, Statistician, Market Research,
Highly ambitious IT graduate from the University of New South Wales holding a background in Information Technology with applied software and data analytics services. I feel constantly motivated to go above and beyond with my technical knowledge acquired from past experiences and hands-on learning opportunities.
I graduated from the University of Technology Sydney majoring in Data Analytics in 2019. Currently, I am interning with Faethm AI in Sydney as a Junior Data Analyst.  I am a passionate and motivated professional seeking an entry-level full-time job opportunity in the field of Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning or Cloud Computing to implement my technical skills and be an asset to my organization while upgrading myself simultaneously.   My top three hard skills (proven by SFIA) include but are not limited to Business Analysis (BUAN Level 5), Data Modelling and Design (DATM Level 5) and Software Programmer (PROG Level 5). My areas of interest include, again are not limited to, Data Analytics (AI and ML), Business Analysis, Cloud Computing, Project Management and Leadership.  Being from India, I currently reside in Sydney, ia, with a temporary resident visa (subclass 485)
Timothy has a huge passion for data analytics. He seeks to acquire the technical knowledge to conduct end-to-end data analysis, from data processing to Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) and finally to applying Machine Learning algorithms (if need be). He aspires to use data to drive business decisions.  Skills: Python, Pyspark, Hive, Hadoop, Airflow
,I love seeing data come to life with my visualisation tool-kit and find peace in exploring various ways in which data can be presented and shown to the world in a meaningful way.  With a Bachelor’s degree in IT from DMCE university, Mumbai, I am extremely passionate for the underlying power that complex data possesses and love wandering seamlessly within the depths of it
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the tech industry like Traveloka. Managing stakeholders in Payment, PayLater, and UANGKU Balance context. Skilled in SQL, Python, and Databases. Strong information technology professional focused in Computer Science from University of Indonesia.,thesarmz
First and foremost, ever since I was a kid, mathematics has been my favourite.  As I went through the basic maths during high school, this passion took me to be the Bachelor of Science in Actuarial Science from Asia Pacific University and Staffordshire University, received a dual degree with honours. I studied the higher mathematics, business and finance and new programming languages such as R which is my main area and VB as well.  So now, in the industry, this passion remains in me. I enjoy meeting new people and deals with numbers.  And I am very thankful for this.
I am a junior Data Analyst with a strong background in Statistics and Business Information Systems. I am fascinated by the power of Data Analytics, by the idea that data never lie, and by the fact that data can help us to reduce human bias and make more rational decisions. I have been developing programming and data-investigation skills since then, facilitated by an open mindset and commitment to continuous learning and professional development.   With competency in Statistical techniques, Python, SQL, Machine Learning and Data Visualization, I am looking for either a full-time, part-time or possibly paid internship role to employ my technical expertise and develop innovative solutions that make a tangible positive impact.,
Data Scientist with strong analytical and problem solving skills in addition to technical skills in Python and statistical modelling. Provided business analysis to support the legal and compliance team at Bank of China, analysing and reducing fraud. Bachelor of Actuarial Studies at UNSW, completed 2015 and Masters of Mathematics at UNSW with mathematical modelling and actuarial studies (complete Nov-19).
Currently pursuing a Bachelor (Hons) in Computer Science with a Specialism in Data Analytics, as well as a trainee of certified Digital Marketing Specialist.
A data enthusiast aiming to excel in the data analytics field through working on different technologies and a variety of projects to gain insight into the world of Analytics.,
A postgraduate in Data Analytics with 5 years of commercial experience in statistical analytics, data handling, data mining, data analysis, data cleaning, data manipulation, and data integration across various industries include retail operations, food technology, property market, and education technology. Proficient in working with structured and unstructured data and extracting business insights. Actively looking for a position to work in an organization with a cross-functional team that enables me to gain exposure to various data-driven technologies.  Skills:  I am good at : •	Problem-solving and analytical skills •	Self-motivated and committed to delivering assigned tasks on time. •	Strong leadership and risk management skills. •	Good communicator and an energetic team player. •	Adaptable to changes in different work environments.   Technical skills - Analytical tools                          :  MS Excel, C#, Google analytics. Business intelligence tools        : Power BI
Final year Bachelor of Computer Science and Mechatronics Engineering UNSW student aiming to pursue a career revolving around technology, data science and marketing analytics.  Specific areas which I am interested in: - Data Science / Machine Learning - Computer Vision - Marketing Science - Data-driven innovation  In my free time, I love trying different coffees from different origins or blends
I am a junior Data Analyst on a continuous learning journey in the world of data analytics.
Data Analyst | Front-End Web Developer | Entrepreneur | Musician  Sai is a data analyst currently pursuing masters in data science with a bachelors in computer science. he is statistical, creative and logical programmer. He is usually focused on solving data-related problems and building machine learning applications and more focused on helping businesses make a better decision using data, design and analytical strategies.  You can always see him inspired by Data, Complex Problems, Algorithms, Business Intelligence, Machine Learning, Neural Networks, Web Design, Business Development, Strategies and Planning, Artwork and Pop-Culture.
My name, Nur Nadhirah Bt Shamsul Sahar, graduate student from UiTM Shah Alam, majoring in Bachelor of Information Technology (Hons.) Intelligent Systems Engineering. Currently I am Data Analyst at Naza Corporation Holdings and I'm very interest if there have any position that suit me especially in IT field that offered by your company. I'm also willing to travel and ready to learn independently.   I got some of experience while my internship. I'm just finish my internship at IBM Centre of Excellence in order to complete my Bachelor Degree and I gain some of my experience during internship in my Diploma. During both of my internship I'm developed a system. You can refer my portfolio that has been attached in my resume.  You also can reach me by email or phone to further discuss this opportunity. Thank you for your time, and I looking forward to hear from you soon.,
An enthusiastic, fun-loving, and highly positive full-time working individual with strong interest in information systems seeking opportunities in the Tech Industry, desirably Business Analytics, Product Management, Digital Marketing and Business Development. I have strong technical and business expertise with excellent interpersonal skills. I am eager to be challenged in order to grow. I love exploring new things, and am a fast learner, who when given an opportunity, can prove herself with the best results.,
Accomplished Analyst with demonstrated background in providing solutions for high-priority business goals and strategic decisions. Skilled troubleshooter and problem solver, adept at delivering comprehensive statistical and data analysis to identify and resolving inefficiencies. Noted expertise in data analysis and modeling, investment management and technical solutions development. Highly adept at driving the continuous improvement of operations by implementing processes and solutions Fluent in English and Thai, intermediate Hindi.,
Experienced IT/Library Officer with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in R, Customer Service, Library Management, SAS Programming, and Microsoft Office. Strong education professional with a Master of Business Information Technology focused in Information Technology from RMIT University.,
Aspiring Data Analyst | Accredited Translator | Aviation and Art Enthusiast  A penultimate year student at Singapore Management University (SMU) studying Information Systems with a second major in Organisational Behaviour and Human Resources. Expected to graduate in April 2022.   With a keen interest in data analytics, I find it extremely rewarding and enjoyable to discover useful information from piles of data and provide tangible solutions. I love the creative, visual, and logical aspects of what I do and see, and I have been continuously following my passion.   Being effectively bilingual and bicultural, I developed open-minded and observant characteristics over the years that allow me to easily adapt to the changing environments today.
In my three years of experience I have always been told I stand out for my work ethic. I consistently align myself with the values, mission and vision of the organisations I am a part of. I have great sense of belonging and self-motivation that combined with my creativity has always allowed me to generate improvements for my team. I believe that this leads to mutual growth within the organisation. I have demonstrated team-leadership skills by my ability to make my work environment more fulfilling with my initiative and determined attitude. I consider myself a risk taker who pushes my abilities beyond my limits to make more of an impact in the organization.  Due to my achievements, I was awarded a scholarship from the University of Queensland where I did my Masters of Commerce.,
I am an avid data science and analytics enthusiast with theoretical and practical experience in visualisation, predictive analysis and machine learning. I specialise in building visualisations and dashboards for the purpose of storytelling and aiding data-backed decision making. I enjoy facilitating non-technical students with exploring how different software and tools can be used to gain educated insights.  Competencies: Data Visualisation | Visual Analytics | Data Science (EDA, preparation, cleansing, feature selection, modelling, validation) | Machine Learning | Predictive Modelling | Statistical Analysis | Data Interpretation | Supervised Learning (Regression, Classification) | Unsupervised Learning (Dimensionality Reduction) | Time Series Analysis | Web Scraping  Languages and Frameworks: Tableau | Python (pandas, numpy, scikit-learn, seaborn, matplotlib) | SQL | LaTeX
A dedicated, strong willed individual who is committed to turning ideas into reality. I believe objective can be achieved by working in a team that is dedicated and capable using data and the right resources. I am seeking a career that allows me to contribute by leveraging my strength and interest.
Extensive hands-on experience in Data Science and Business Intelligence tools. A keen focus on learning and applying new tools and techniques to solve business problems using the power of data.,
Data and Reporting Analyst with extensive strength in analysing and interpreting large and complex datasets to deliver highly accurate data for building dashboards/KPIs and analysis reports and providing insights and consumable information for all relevant stakeholders in alignment with standards and policies as well as business analytics strategies by using advanced tools and different reporting environments.  Technical Skills  •	High level of proficiency with creating      dashboards in Tableau   •	Experienced in creating KPI dashboards in Power BI    •	Strong mathematical and numeracy skills  •	Using SQL queries to extract, manipulate, modeling and preparing data for reporting and analytics •	Competent advanced knowledge of Excel including but not limited to formulas and Pivot tables  •	Familiar with JavaScript, Node.js, and MongoDB •	Knowledgeable about Html, and CSS Frameworks(Bootstrap),
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in digital marketing industry. Skilled in BI Reporting, Data Visualization (Power BI and Tableau), Data analytics and Storytelling.,
Junior Data Scientist currently working in the advertising and marketing industry. Proficient in Python, Tableau, SQL, MS Excel and Google Data Studio.
As a graduate of Mathematics and Economics, Alson is comfortable with numbers and enjoys solving complex problems. Being always curious and inquisitive, coupled with knowledge in statistics, regression and programming, makes the role of a data analyst/scientist a great fit for Alson.  Alson has had experience in data analysis work - uncovering insights, data visualizations and recommending actionable insights. This is a field that he has great passion for and wish to pursue fervently in. As there is still much to learn and technology is constantly changing, he keeps himself abreast of developments in this field and constantly improve his skills via MOOCs and competing in Kaggle competitions.
Master of Analytics candidate with a strong business and educational background in networking, programming   and management. Excellent analytical, problem-solving, communication and team skills.,
I work on bringing my analytical skills and technical knowledge to solve business problems to improve productivity and efficiency. My long term career objective is to become that data girl everyone in the organisation can count on. I am open to new and exciting opportunities that will help to add to my skill set.  Currently trying my luck in mobile application development specifically in Flutter. Along with that, I am working as a Data analyst for Rosetta Analytics. My previous role as BA has given me a platform to exercise my Stakeholder Management and Project Management skills. I have performed Requirements gathering and analysis for various internal projects.  Skilled in Data Warehousing, Management, Project Implementation, and Business Process Management, I am a strong research professional with a Master of Business Information Management and Systems focused on Information Technology from La Trobe University.  I also have experience in using various tools for Data Analysis such as SQL, Power BI, Tableau, Machine Learning in R and Python, Orange and MS Excel.  GitHub link: https://github.com/blurryface94,
Looking for my next challenge within Data Analytics. Working as a data analyst in multiple sectors has enabled me to develop my skill set further. My experience to date has only reinforced my desire to peruse a career in Data Consultancy.  Adept in Tableau data visualisation software, proficient in Domo an MS Power BI. Capable of programming in SQL and Python (scripting). Online Nanaodegree course completed with Udacity in Data Analytics.  Integrating into networks of colleagues and hierarchy is something that I pride myself on. I wish to build on my experience and challenge myself further in data analytics, enabling companies to be data-driven as opposed to data-led.,
Turning data into actionable insights, and a meaningful story is the underlying passion that drives my analytical acumen, and aptitude for challenging problems.
Junior Data Engineer with almost 5 awesome years of experience inside developing software field which more than 2 years were analyzing Big Data sets. Some of my strongest skills are: building complex SQL queries with SQL Server; Data Wrangling with Excel Macros and Ms Excel; Making useful reports with charts on Ms Excel; and using Git code repositories with GitHub. Additionally, I developed software over Languages such as: Java, JavaScript, PHP and Python using Ubuntu OS and Apache Tomcat as a Web Server. I really enjoyed working and helping my work teams as Big Data Analyst.
I am a petroleum engineering graduate who’s keen to cash in on the 4.0 industry by creating opportunities and develop my skills mostly on data science field as well as petroleum industry. I went through a training as a Junior Data Scientist and has successfully developed my knowledge on Python programming language for Data Analysing, Data Visualisation and Machine Learning purposes.,
Seasoned Business Intelligence Analyst/ Digital Analyst.  Analytical Tools: Power BI, Microstrategy10.4, Cognos Programming: SQL, Java Desktop Applications: MS Word, MS PowerPoint, MS Project, MS Visio Advanced Excel: Sensitivity Analysis,Pivot tables, Macros. Statistical Methods: Regression Analysis, Hypothesis testing, analysis of variance, estimation Agile Methodology:  SDLC
Above all else, show the data.” – Edward R. Tufte  Professional IT engineer and Microsoft certified Data Analyst with more than 5 years’ experience in Data quality, Financial analysis, Accounting and Data reporting. Capable of making useful conclusions to help others make meaningful decisions about operation. A team player that combines loyalty with a strong work ethic and can immediately tackle all analyst responsibilities effectively and capably.,
I provide the actionable and reliable information at the right time to boost productivity and clear your business questions.,
Skilled in Statistical Data Analysis and Mathematical Modelling. Strong education professional with a Master's degree focused in Financial Engineering from National University of Singapore.   - Firm knowledge and foundation in SAS, SPSS, R, Python, Octave, Matlab, SQL, VBA, Excel, and Bloomberg Terminal.   - Firm knowledge in statistics, risk management, corporate financing and risk, programming and product management.  - Good statistics data interpretation skills.  -CFA Level 1 and FRM Level 2 passed.  - Sound communication skills and proficiency in English and Mandarin.,
She has participated in a variety of development and support functions for systems in  business domains  such as Sales and Distribution, Procurement, Foreign Trade, General Ledger She has been developing systems with Oracle RMS, Retail Fiscal Management, Oracle Forms, Oracle Report, Pro*C, SQL,  PL/SQL and Shell Scripts for more than 15 years. Now, she is analysing data from ABS – ia Bureau Statistics and Vinnies to understand the Poverty in South ia.  Extract and transform it using VBA from Excel to Tableau.
Education background in Software Engineering. Previously working as a Software Engineer for a year. Currently working as a Data Analyst and aim to develop my career as a Data Scientist.,
An experienced individual with strong analytic capabilities and the ability to build models that fit the problem best. Passion for interpreting the story behind data using data wrangling, exploration and visualization techniques. Looking to apply data scientist experience in a fast-paced and dynamic firm to create Machine Learning Data Models that generate insights and benefit the organization.,
Highly analytical and process-oriented data analyst with in-depth knowledge research methodologies, cleaning, manipulating, and visualization. Motivated, teamwork-oriented, and responsible data analyst with significant experience in increasing comprehension of reports and presentations using Power BI. Highly educated in the field of Business Management and IBM professional certifications in SQL Server development and data analysis with Python.
I want to expand my networking in data analyst/scientist fields. I have more than five years of experience in data analysis and coding in Python and MATLAB in the mechanical and aerospace engineering fields. I have also applied machine learning techniques (gradient descent and other methods) in the mechanical, aerospace, defence and renewable energy fields. I possess good statistical analysis skills used in experimental measurements as well as a strong ability to meet targets and work independently across multiple projects and regions. Through my previous roles, I have acquired more than three years of experience in consultation in engineering applications. With a great personality to adjust to new environments, I also love working very hard. Fluent in English and Japanese with full ian working rights. I am passionate to learn new skills in the data fields. (keep learning lol)
Database designer with strong emphasis on business understanding. Complex data migrations. I am passionate about our Row Level Security product and know that it will revolutionise the data warehousing space.  Specialties: SQL Database design and architecture. Row Level database security. Structured Query Language. Data Migration. Data warehousing.,
I have a science background in the field of plant science, plant molecular biology and physiology. I have strong skills on Communication, Problem Solving and Team work. I am changing my career to Information System Analysis, focusing on gaining experience as Business Analyst.,
Professional Snapshot:   •	Masters in Food Technology who gradually found her passion in BI Development and Data Analytics.  •	 Intern at MVP Studio.  •	Currently working in data analysis and presentation on a cloud-based Property Investment platform using the Microsoft BI Suite.   •	Working as Sales cum Executive assistant in Bahwan CyberTek for ASIA and Middle East region.  •	Worked with Standard Chartered Bank for their client outreach program as part of MIFID/EMIR regulatory requirements.  •	Hands on experience of working with senior management for providing insight driven quantitative and qualitative governance/control reports using data analytics and MIS.  •	Experienced in coordinating, planning and organising wide range general operations activities.  •	Good teamwork skills and I have worked in several large shared projects in a multi-racial and cultural environment.  •	Previously worked with leading food industries in India as Quality Assurance Lead for 5 years.
With a Bachelor in Engineering and a Masters in Computer Science, I have broad experience in   project management, research, business analysis, process improvement, reporting and   administration gained in complex Government and private sector organisations.  I have the demonstrated ability to adapt to new concepts and environments and support high   performance and an environment of continuous improvement.     I have strong analytical skills and the ability to map processes, develop new process   models/diagrams to increase efficiency and achieve cost savings across multiple business units.   I have advanced IT proficiency including advanced Microsoft Office tools.  My key skills include: •	Project Management  •	Research  •	Business Analysis •	Process Improvement •	Compliance and Auditing •	Reporting and Administration •	IT Training,
I have a formula. It’s not a secret, and it works. I am a process oriented data analyst passionate about exceeding targets and telling compelling stories about data to guide decision-making. I pride myself in adding value through my passion for playing a role in the continued improvement in my team’s performance, adapting my practiced skills in report writing, and understanding of accounting and financial modelling concepts.,
data analyst or data scientist with more than 8 years of industry experience in data analytics mainly for credit cards, payments and loyalty programs to generate quality customer insights, identify hidden trends and make decisions in order to form new marketing strategy and business opportunities. Have excellent grasp in data analytics to find potential credit card customers, evaluate customer credit worthiness, identify credit card frauds etc. Expert in developing effective marketing campaign strategies by identifying target audience, deciding right content on digital media, personalizing different product offerings and planning effective promotion and distribution using data science propensity model. Proficient in generating weekly, monthly and quarterly dashboard reports on customer portfolio, sales forecasting, high risk accounts, credit recommendations etc. Inquisitive in nature, quick learner and excellent team player with strong interpersonal skills with the ability to inspire, mentor and develop others. Visit: LinkedIn and GitHub Profiles.  Technical Skills:  R
I'm a Data enthusiast and dedicated Data Analysis practitioner with the technical expertise and business acumen necessary to translate business requirements and objectives into scalable, highly resilient, and successful solutions.   I have hand-on experience with ERP Systems (SAP, SAP ARIBA), using tools like Python, SQL, Microsoft BI, Tableau, and basic knowledge with Google Cloud, and AWS.  Accomplishments involve several successful projects (process automation, performance improvements, cost reduction, IT infrastructure transformation
A deeply passionate Roboticist and Data Scientist with close to 1.5 years of work experience with McKinsey and Company. Currently pursuing Masters in Computer Control and Automation at Nanyang Technological University, Singapore specializing in Autonomous Vehicles.   Key competencies: Robotics, Autonomous vehicles, Machine learning, Data engineering/Visualization, Data Analytics.
Experienced Migration Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in Analyst, Testing, and Quality Assurance roles with experience in analyzing data using SQL and Excel and using management tools as JIRA, Confluence, WebRT, Internal Migration Tools, SalesForce, CRM. ISTQB and ITIL Foundation certiﬁed with an ability to acquire new skills within short timescales. Ability to adapt to rapidly changing work practices and maintain excellent working relationships with colleagues.,
Assiduous. Creative. Technocrat.   CS Researcher, Machine/Deep learning enthusiast with credible records in learning new development/technical skills since graduating with an Information Technology degree.   A communicative/inspiring agile team player who presents ideas effectively and is capable to assist others in amenable procedures. Skilled in Data Analytics and programming languages like Python, R, Java, and other technical packages. Quickly surpasses expectations in researching.    Research interest includes Machine Learning (With applied IoT), HCI (Human Computing Interactions), IS (Information Studies),
Data Professional, Fueling the Momentum of Change in Technology.  4+ years of experience in the ICT/Retail/ E-commerce industry.,
Techno Functional Professional having 11+ years of experience in Business Analysis, Data extraction, Processing, Mining and analysis and knowledge on various Credit Risk Metrics such as EAD, PD, LGD, RWA and IL, CP, IP etc.. 	Have been with Risk reporting and Analytics in ANZ (Risk Services) for 4 years and with Enterprise Data Integrity team since April 2014. 	Exposure to different banking / risk systems / Applications and its data flow structure. 	Proficient in identifying and adopting emerging trends to achieve projects objectives and goals. 	Experience in analysing the impact on RWA by multiple factors and functioning towards RWA estimation and optimisation. 	Gathering requirements, writing test scripts and supporting post implementation of solution in the systems. 	Identifying data anomalies and define rules for automated and semi-automated resolution and investigating potential sources of error in financial information. Conducting different data integrity checks on the systems and the dashboards. 	Worked across different BUs reports – I and IB (Global Markets, Specialised Lending), Lending Services, Corporate Banking and retail divisions. 	Investigating and reconciling the data in Credit Risk system across all group financial asset classes and collateral classes to feed into annual results. 	Worked on market data research and analysis using Pink Sheets
Experienced and detailed oriented Data Analyst with 4 years of experience in Data Migration and 13 years in software development, business requirement, DB modelling, solutions design end-user support and leadership. Possesses knowledge within multiple BI environments including planning and execution of full ETL cycle, Data Visualization, Data Quality Analysis and Data Reconciliation using:  -	SSIS, SSAS, DAX, PowerBI, Tableau -	SAP, BW, BODS, Information Steward, ABAP -	MS SQL
IT professional with 8 years of experience in Data Analysis, Big Data, and Software Engineering,
Santhosh Basavegowda is having a total IT experience of 13 years and in which he has worked in BI and Data warehousing for 10.5 years.Cognos TM1 being his main area of expertise, he has also worked with Cognos BI, Pentaho, SSIS, Informatica, Brio, Crystal reports, Birt, Qlickview, VB and the databases like Oracle, SQL-Server 2005/2008 and DB2.  He has worked with various clients like GE, CompuCom, General Motors Auto Insurance
A curious and highly-motivated Data/Visualisation Analyst with a multi-disciplinary background in business analytics and visual communications design.  As a data-driven individual, I enjoy working alongside with client to help identify, solve, and communicate their strategic business problem using an insight-driven business approach, creative problem solving and engaging presentations.  I have years of extensive exposure in consumer insight and market research company, tech start-up, and digital agency, which allow me to develop a strong commercial acumen and technical skills.   I'm using primarily (but not limited to): Tableau, Tableau Prep, Power BI, Altryx, Snowflake SQL, Python
Data Analyst with over 5 years of professional experience in developing, interpreting and analyzing data to drive business solutions for Banking and Insurance Industries. Proficient in SQL, and Python Programming Languages. Exceptional understanding of multiple data analytical platforms like MS Excel, MS SQL Server, MS BI Stack (SSIS, SSAS and SSRS), Informatica, Tableau and Power BI. Specialize in developing solutions to complex business problems by building analytical solutions and delivering operational effectiveness through automation of processes.
Python Programmer | R Programmer | Tableau Expert | Data Wrangler | Data Visualizer | Trainer,
My aim is to continue my progression and personal development in the field of Data Analytics and Business Intelligence, focusing on boosting my knowledge and skills to fulfill a project management or business analyst role in order to achieve both, business and career objectives.,
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the mental health care industry. Skilled in Statistical Data Analysis and visualisation, gathering Software/Data Requirements, and Data Management. Expertise in SQL, Tableau, PowerBI and various other data and reporting technologies.
Seeking to make connections in the Oil and Gas Industry  Current:- Field Data Analyst - for Schlumberger Geoservices  Former: - Contract Surface Logging Data Engineer - Halliburton New Zealand / ia, Consultant Wellsite geologist / MWD Engineer / Data Engineer / Mudlogging Geologist with 18+ years total in the oil and gas industry with experience across the globe in 9 countries.
I am a fresh graduate who loves to learn and gain knowledge in everything. Or in other words I am passionately curious. Currently I am eager to learn deeply into data analytic. But it does not mean I am limiting myself into data analytic field. It was started from my Decision Science degree where I was exposed with operation research, quantitative science techniques, statistics, mathematical simulations.   Outside class, I joined Red Crescent Society in university. I get the opportunity to join volunteering activity, learned to give first aid. I also joined Taekwondo. During my high school, I enjoyed being leader in school club activities. The highest position I held was a Head Librarian because I love to be in library and get to be in change trusted by teachers. I also one of the school Netball player.   I have experience doing my internship at Perak Economic Planning Unit under Government Secretariat Office. While doing internship I experienced to be behind the scene of Perak's projects' planning and execution. I also successfully conduct a Fun Run project under Environment Department to raise awareness for Green Environment movement in Perak.   Sometimes, during semester break, I would help my aunt and be a waitress at her cafe in Tanah Rata Cameron Highlands. Even though it is just a small business, but I got the opportunity to meet with tourist and recommend local foods.  Meeting with new people and strike up in compelling conversation is my archilles heels. I am very shy and I become careful with what I am about to say. But according to my friends, they say that I am cool and fun. So I do believe I am more charming after you get to know me.  I think this one can explain more about me. Recently, I took a personality test online and my personality code is ISFP-T. Another thing about me is that I am family oriented person. I put a priority on my family before anything else. I believe that everything blessed in my life is from loves and supports from my parents.
Experienced Senior Data Analyst skilled in Regression Analysis and Modelling, Negotiation, Analytical Skills, Data Visualization, and Management. Strong information technology professional graduated from Western Sydney University with Honors in Economics examining the Executive pay-for-performance relationship within a corporate governance framework and managerial power.
Working as a freelance Data Analyst. Doing overall data management, Statistical and Complex Analysis like Brand Equity Index, Jaccard Analysis, Regression Analysis, and Normalize Scores.,
A junior developer seeking a career opportunity in a progressive growth-oriented organization where I can gain experience and improve my skills utilizing my academic background and interpersonal skills.  Technical Skills: - Programming Skills using SQL, Python, Java, C++, C# and Excel macros VBA. - Experience in the use of Business Intelligence tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI.  - Understanding of cloud computing-based architectures, including IaaS, Paas and SaaS.  - Exposure to different cloud technologies and concepts in AWS and Azure.  - Understanding of new architecture frameworks such as Microservices, Serverless etc.  - Understanding of container design and orchestration such as Docker, Kubernetes.  - Experience in Embedded application development (Internet of Things: Arduino, Particle Photon and Raspberry Pi) - Experience in implementation of various wired communication protocols including I2C, SPI, Ethernet
Around 14 years of experience in Analysis, Design, Development, Testing and Maintenance of various Software applications and over 10 years of extensive Data Warehousing Experience. •Worked on CRM Tools – NetSuite and Zoho •Carried out Configuration Management in  ServiceNow  •Managed ServiceNow Reference Tables (Location, Vendor, Model, Company) and Configuration Items (Modems, Media Engines, Screen, Tablet) in CMDB  •Worked on Data Migration of Core Banking System Data from Bankwest to the Analytics and Information Platform of Commonwealth Bank of ia. •Worked on multi-year, highly complex projects in Investment Banking and Telecom Domain.   •Highly skilled in Data Warehouse Concepts •Complete understanding of SDLC and STLC. •Good understanding of Interest Rate Derivative products, OTC and Fixed Income markets. •Carried out reconciliation in various projects using Intellimatch tool and Excel using VLOOKUP, HLOOKUP and Pivot Tables. •Proficient in performing Data quality checks on huge volume of Data. •Expertise in analysing Business Requirements from Business documents and creation of User Stories. •Working experience in Agile Projects (end to end). Good knowledge in Agile Software Development Process and Scrum Methodology. •Experience in Functional Testing, System Testing
As a talented financial professional, I am skilled in managing financial services while assisting senior-leadership in achieving organizational goals. I am able to successfully utilize contract guidelines in supporting service level agreements, identifying costs while reducing redundancy.  Additionally, I hold a background in law and economics in which I can utilize my knowledge along with my financial experience in conducting data analysis  and information research key to operational effectiveness. Contact me today to see how I can help your organization achieve its business goals through leadership, problem resolution, and strategic planning!
Big Data Analyst with strong knowledge of database types and a broad overview of Data Transformation and Visualization process. Highly motivated to pursue a career in People Analytics.,RoutrayMonalisa
Junior Data Analyst/Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the management consulting industry. Skilled in data analysis and visualization, data extraction, cleansing and manipulation using SQL and Python, predictive modelling, machine learning, Python programming, Microsoft Excel, and statistical analysis. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor's degree in computer science majoring in Data Science from Deakin University.,
Great passion over Data Science and Machine Learning for predictive analytics. Eager to learn more about the world of Data Science and its possibility to solve current issues.,
Clarice is an Information Systems undergraduate pursuing the third year in Singapore Management University. She aspires to work in projects which require her to break down data to tell a story, and improve the business process using IT. Clarice is open to new experience and is an eager learner.  Clarice hopes that one day she would be using her analytical skills to add value in the beauty industry. She enjoys watching beauty product reviews online and making casual 'get ready with me' videos for her Instagram viewers. Clarice loves people and enjoys meaningful, heartfelt conversations.,
Looking for opportunities in data science and analytics. Always looking to learn new things and constantly upgrade skills.,
I am a highly driven problem-solver with a passion for building impactful, scalable, quality software.  I recently graduated from Singapore Management University with a degree in Information Systems, 2nd major in Analytics (Advanced Technology), and have developed with Java, Python, Clojure, SQL, and NoSQL. I have a special interest in working with data and previously applied machine learning techniques to cyber defence and law technology, as well as tackled mental health issues through data mining research.  I will be starting my software engineering career as a New Analyst with Goldman Sachs 
I am a postgraduate student with Bachelor of Commerce degree at University of Sydney. Currently taking Master of IT course at University of Technology Sydney, major in software development. Key skills including MEAN stack development, iOS application development and quantitative share trading.,
Ryan is a senior year student currently pursuing a bachelor's degree in Information Systems at Singapore Management University, with a major in Business Analytics.  As an industrious individual with an inquisitive mind, he is willing to take on challenges that will enable him to gain industry knowledge and exposure within the IT industry. He enjoys reading blogs and articles of the different innovative approaches that people have used to contribute to the success of projects with a diverse range business problems and requirements.   Ryan is graduating in May 2021 and is open to opportunities in 2021. He would love to have a chat with you to get to know about your work experiences about technological solutions and to assess if he will be a good fit for your company. Feel free to reach out to him! ,
Strong Self-learning skillset, love to play data on kaggle.
I’m a Data Analyst with expertise in a wide range of data analysis and visualizations including R, Python, SAS, SQL, MS BI Stack, and Power BI. I have delivered a range of projects including credit registry analysis and reporting. Recently worked as a Data and Reporting Analyst - Intern with Illion, practicing data analysis tools such as SAS, SSMS to perform ETL. PowerBI and MS Excel for BAU reporting.,
A passion for data analytics, statistical modelling, and data visualisation techniques to provide insights and emerging solutions to business questions. Entrepreneurial, adaptable and an avid learner. A self-starter who also works effectively in a team-based environment.  
committed project lead and Data Analyst who has experience working as a Risk analyst in addition to a savvy Data  Analyst and Project Lead.   Shailja has been working with Artificial Intelligence ia’s chairman on a large Ventures project based in Sydney where she coordinated a team of 100 interns.    A Deakin university Masters graduate in Analytics, Shailja’s commitment to the field of analytics started working for Risk Management Solution Private Ltd. as a Risk Analyst. This role provided Shailja with  a strong grounding in data and analysis, Structured Query Language (SQL), the importance of data, data management, data analysis, data scrubbing and data quality.  Shailja has acquired skills in project management and trained technical and stakeholder levels.
My Objective is to encounter a firm that will enable me to grow as a professional and as an individual. I already have 1 year of experience within the Data Analyst sector and I hope to help a company achieve success while simultaneously enhancing my personal knowledge.I enjoy encountering new challenges and this proactive mindset has already helped me to achieve the success within this sector.
Have strong interest and persistent pursuit in data analysis studies, being detail-driven and willing to acquire new skills. A good team player, dedicated in work and capable of dealing with high-pressure environment and a fast learner under new environment.,
Penultimate student from the National University of Singapore, pursuing a B.Sc in Computational Biology, with a Minor in Computer Science and Statistics  I have a strong passion and interest in data analytics  I enjoy understanding problems and developing innovative solutions to solve them  Working hard and smart are essential qualities to thrive where learning serves as a lifelong enjoyment,
Skilled Python and R programmer, great Data Analysis and Data Visualisation skills. Strong support professional with a Postgraduate Diploma in Computer Science from University of Melbourne. Experienced multilingual business professional with a demonstrated history of working across cultures in the government education sector. Currently honing skills as a data analyst while completing a master's degree in Computer Science.
Lead Data Analyst in Grab, I am skilled in SQL, Tableau, PowerBI, Python, VBA. Extensive experience in creating ETL pipelines, data marts and visualizations and presenting business insights to stakeholders.,
Data scientist with 3+ years of experience working on a range of data analytics projects (particularly machine learning).  I do well at: a) Framing business requirements mathematically b) Building clean and predictive features for machine learning models
My passion is in using statistical methods to derive actionable insights from data. I apply my skills in statistics, machine learning, and data visualization to draw information and conclusions from the data. To refine my skills, I have joined the Data Star graduate finishing program organized by ASEAN Data Analytics eXchange (ADAX) as a Data Scientist trainee.   My undergraduate education at Universiti Tun Hussein Onn has equipped me with skills in data mining, statistical modelling, sampling methods and forecasting. For my final year project, I compared the performance of two machine learning algorithms — ridge regression and LASSO — in the context of predicting house prices.,
Highly motivated individual with passion and willingness to uptake challenges. Strong analytical background with interest in data analytics. Meticulous, yet efficient and displays adaptability to able to work in fast paced environments. Demonstrates strong interpersonal skills.
Data science professional with two decades of digital and traditional media experience. Passionate about uncovering insights and stories behind new data. Have worked with and led teams in Singapore, China, Europe and the US.,
Information system undergraduate majoring in Marketing and Analytics, with 2 years of experience in data analytics. Great communication and interpersonal skills, self-discipline and a team player. Experienced with Search Engine Optimization, Google Analytics, and Google AdWords.,
Masters degree in the field of Analytics from RMIT University, I have experience as Data Analyst with exposure to Business Intelligence tools such as MS PowerBI and Tableau. Recent exposure to Salesforce administration and Salesforce Einstein provided with an opportunity to deliver smarter, personalized and more predictive customer experiences. Along with technical skills, I do have good communication skills (both verbal and written) .
Experienced Marketing Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the automotive industry. Skilled in Negotiation, Business Development, Marketing Strategy, and Cross-functional Team Leadership. Strong marketing professional with a Bachelor's degree focused in Mechanical Engineering from Colegio de San Juan de Letran.
A multi-skilled professional, prepared with almost 8 years of experience in actuarial analysis filed, to use my experience, knowledge, and competencies in professional organisation where I can effectively develop and leave my finger print.,
I am an outgoing and attentive student at the University of Sydney, always looking for new opportunities to extend and apply my learning. With a keen personal interest in data analytics and disruptive technologies, I am actively seeking ways to merge these interests with my academic core in finance and economic theory. I approach new challenges with an organised, yet eager curiosity to apply myself to any task that arises.,
Wan Theng is a graduate from Singapore Management University, double majoring in Marketing and Analytics and has a major interest in analytics, internet and technology.  Wan Theng is an inquisitive and hungry  learner and enjoys gaining new experiences and knowledge. This can be identified by the myriad of activities she has participated.   Ranging from attending new courses to gain new skills, taking on leadership positions in various initiatives and committees, volunteering for different causes and challenging herself through participating in hackathons.   Lastly, Wan Theng leads her life tightly to an advice given by her mentor - The tougher the challenge, the more you learn. Do not hesitate to take on challenges. In fact, embrace them. 
More than 10 years of various experience in Education, Science, and Engineering.  I am a data enthusiast with almost 2 years of ian work experience and I am able to work with unstructured data and deliver reports/presentations/insights. I am specialized in computer vision, machine learning, and statistical analysis. I am at the early stage of my data career and I am looking for an opportunity to apply and improve my skills in a stimulating and challenging environment.,
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Microsoft Word, Sametime, Management, SAS, and Computer Hardware Troubleshooting.,
Self-motivated data analyst with experience leading cross-functional teams, skilled in generating data-driven insight, business process improvement, data analysis and product management with Agile.
Interactive and  graduated from Universiti Sains Malaysia with Bachelor of Applied Mathematics ( Hons) , specializing in Applied Statistics. Seeking experience and growth in Data Analytics. Skilled in Data Analysis, Quantitative Research, Data Visualization, SQL, Excel and SPSS.    Open to explore new opportunities in analytics! 
MCSA certified - SQL 2016 Database Developer,IBM DB2 Certified Developer, ITIL Certified Expert (SS,SD,SO,RCV,CSI,MALC) with 8+ years of experience in Data Mining, Text Mining, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, business intelligence and ETL tools
An experienced Data Analyst / Developer specializing in Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence with solid experience in ETL Solutions and Data Quality.
Results oriented analytical mind with 10 years of work experience always looking at the story behind the numbers. *Highly motivated with a can-do and problem-solving attitude .  *Experience reporting directly to Board of Directors.
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in Statistics, Business Analysis, SQL, and Data Analysis. Strong information technology professional with a Master's degree focused in Statistics from National University of Singapore.
Specialist in guiding stakeholders create value with their data, an aspiring data scientist and an enthusiast in renewable energy
Aseef has experience as a Data Analyst at Deloitte, Sydney.   He firmly believes that knowledge in Mathematics and Probability are fundamental to succeeding in the Data Science, Actuarial and Quantitative Trading industries. His interests lie in the applications of Probability and Stochastic processes, Natural Language Processing and Statistical Modelling.  Apart from work and studies, Aseef spends a considerable amount of time running, exercising and maintaining a healthy alkaline diet. In the weekends he is usually at the beach, on exhaustive bush-walks or at the pub cheering on his favourite MMA fighter/boxer. He's also a faithful supporter of Arsenal F.C.  The next chapter of his journey is at Munich RE, Sydney. He is taking on the role of an Actuarial Data Analyst.
A business analytics post-graduate, experienced in analytical consulting activities across Food-tech, Retail and Ed-tech sectors. Career goal is to expand my knowledge/skills and collaborate with cross-functional teams as a data analyst to gather requirements enabling the data driven insights process. Analytical capabilities include market segmentation, research-cost analysis and portfolio/risk optimization. Software skills comprises of hands on experience in visualization tools for BI such as Tableau, Power BI, IBM Watson and advanced proficiency in MS Excel. Language expertise encompasses intermediate knowledge of R, Python and C++ language. Concrete problem-solving skills with a strong ability to convert business requirements into technical aspects. Driven and dedicated work ethics backed with solid communication and leadership skills.,
Experienced Teradata and Data Consultant with a demonstrated history of working and implementing Data warehousing and BI projects in the banking and retail industry. Skilled in Teradata, IBM DataStage, Oracle Database, SQL, Requirements Analysis, Data analysis, Exposure to Tableau, Alteryx, BMC Control-M, and Agile Methodologies. Strong consulting professional with a Bachelor's degree focused on Engineering from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, India.,
I've been doing forecasting and machine learning stuff. Let me know if you want to discuss ideas.,
Problem-solving with creative freedom has been one of the core parts of me on my journey. Post finishing my bachelor's in mechanical engineering I got an amazing opportunity to work with musigma as a trainee decision scientist where we were exposed to the concept of problem-solving while using technology, mathematics and business. At musigma, I explored the options to solve product and marketing based problems and how to provide support being an offshore team. I believe that tools are auxiliary to problem-solving while the importance of understanding the problem and the relevant data is much more primary had lead to me pursuing my masters from UNSW specialization in supply chain management and manufacturing. I decided to study the above to widen my understanding of various data and business techniques used in the area of supply chain analytics. While studying at UNSW I got an opportunity to work as an intern at Houzz ia. I got an opportunity to work on operational projects and lead the geographical analytics projects for all offices in the EMEA and APAC region. Once my internship finished I moved on to join hireup. Hireup has been a company where I worked on many roles as one would expect in a startup being a data analyst, marketing performance analyst, project manager, culture diversity ambassador and a support worker through my official role was as a data analyst. I have worked on problems related to exploring marketplace behaviour, setting up experimentation, validation of experiments with statistics, forecasting both in the area of marketing and finance and analyse product behaviours. Every project I have worked till now has been in a very different area and the challenge posed by them is what drives me.,
IT Technical Analyst Professional with Expertise in Data Warehouse, Business Intelligence, Data Modelling, Data Analyst, Applications System, Reporting System, ERP System  and IT Administrative System.   With over 10 years experience in Information System and Software Development. Have extensive knowledge in Investment, Banking, Manufacturing, School, Publishing and Hotel system.  Specialties:  MS SQL Server, SSIS, ETL, T-SQL
I prioritise completing work, and thoroughly enjoy data related work. It is amazing how data, when properly analyzed and communicated, provides a scientific reasoning to business decisions.  Analytics related skills: Python, SQL, Tableau, Metabase, D3.js Development skills: ReactJS, Node.js, Express.js, Java, JavaScript, HTML, CSS  Tableau Desktop Specialist Certified
Over 10 years of professional work experience in the IT industry with demonstrated ability to work globally and cross-functionally across teams through effective relationship building, analytical thinking and communication, supported by data-driven decisions.,
September 4,Senior Analyst with 8+ years of IT experience within software development and data analytics steams. Experience in BI solution implementation, including planning and design, building ETL processes, data visualization, interpreting and analyzing data for driving business solutions. Holds a Masters degree in IT and is an Alteryx Certified professional.
SWS CONSULTANCY SERVICES PTE. LTD  headquartered in Singapore.  Versatile and process-oriented professional with specialized skills in Data Analytics and Business Intelligence.  Services offered:   , Data Visualization  , Data Warehousing(Traditional and Modernized)  , Predictive Modeling  Data analytics: R, Python DWH BI Tech stack: Tableau, Cognos, Power BI. SSRS ETL Tools: SSIS,Talend, Informatica Database Management Systems: Oracle, Teradata, NOSQL, mariaDB, Postgres MongoDB,MS SQL,MYSQL Cloud computing: AWS, Microsoft Azure
ia,Strategic, analytic and industry-certified Professional with almost 5 years of combined proven expertise in Data Analyst and Database Management, Administration roles focused on Commercial Marketing  and Government Projects  working predominantly with medium and large-scale corporation take a lead in data preparation, visualizing the data to highlight the potential insights of the company growth and plays a key role with stakeholders in business decision making process.,
Highly motivated Business Intelligence Professional with experience in data warehousing, business analytics and report development. Proven history of utilising strong analytic skills, attention to detail and hard work ethics to turn complex requirements into working solutions. Demonstrated leadership abilities and team work skills to deliver projects successfully.
Data Scientist with 3 years of experience in  Machine Learning and Statistical Methods and overall work experience of 6 years with a Master's Degree in Business Analytics from NUS.  Highly skilled in Data Analysis and Data Visualization with an excellent grasp of business operations to translate numbers into actionable and profitable insights.,
Extensive experience as an ETL, BI and Database developer. Working with industry leading tools such as: * ETL tools – Microsoft SSIS, Informatica ETL, Pentaho, Ab Initio; * BI tools – Power BI, Tableau, Microsoft SSRS, QlikView, MS Excel; * DB -  Big Data, Apache Hadoop Impala, MS SQL Server 2012/2014, Oracle 11g
BSc. Statistics holder pursuing to become one of the best statistician and data analyst in the future.  I'm obsessed in analyzing and interpreting data which can help people have a better understanding on the data. Ready to blend and face any sort of working environment that allow to enhance my skills and improved my knowledge.Highly competencies in MS Excel, MS Office, VBA language, SPSS and SAS.
Hardworking and multi faceted Information Systems professional with strong technical, analytical and problem solving capabilities that have been utilized in designing,reporting,analysing and supporting many application to meet the organizational goals.Currently looking for challenging opportunities in the field of Data/ Insights Analysis to develop my career and implement new ideas to meet the organisation's expectation in the best possible way.
Solution-oriented and quality-focused Professional Engineer, with progressive experience in providing highly analytical solutions, comfortable in making critical decisions within fast-paced and deadline-oriented environments.  Results-driven professional with commercial experience in data analysis involving programming knowledge in data modelling (Python, VBA), database management and data governance (SSIS, SQL), and data visualization (Seaborn, Power BI, Tableau).  Experienced in using Software in Project Management and ERP systems (SAP, Microsoft Dynamics, Microsoft Project) and advanced programming skills in Python, SQL and MATLAB
Proactive, results-driven Statistical Officer with over nine years’ broad extensive experience of assisting in the development and upgrading of analytical techniques. Able to play a key role in analysing problems and come up with creative solutions as well as producing methodologies and files for effective data management.   Seeking a suitable data analyst position with a dynamic organisation.,
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in Spark, python, Data Analysis, Data Engineering, Java and Visual Basic for Applications (VBA). Strong research professional with a master of science focused in statistics from National University of Singapore.,
An analyst thingo who makes blue lines... sometimes green ones too.
Actively seeking job opportunities in Sydney, ia that are related to SAP ERP, specifically Sales and Distribution module. Has exposure to cross-module integration with other SAP modules and basic ABAP.  Previously worked for 2.5 years in Accenture Philippines as a SAP Sales and Distribution Analyst for a global beauty and cosmetics brand company. Knows Python, Tableau and SQL.,
Working as a Data Scientist and Senior Analyst within the Trading department for the number 1 exporter of grain from ia, CBH Group.  Using Machine Learning and Quantitative techniques to bring more than 10 years of experience  in Trading and Analysis to the field of Data Science.  I have found I have hit the ground running with strong history of problem solving and data analysis.  Building Models from the ground up sourcing data, building databases, training models and creating production ready dashboards.  Previous trading experience as Junior Portfolio manager of a 1Bn Global Macro hedge fund and more recently as FX and Commodity Trader.  Knowledge of trading and analysis of all asset classes.  Also worked for UBS Investment Bank in London consulting on Derivative and Regulatory Reporting within the finance department and assisting change management as the UBS London Branch became an entity in its own right separating for regulatory purposes from UBS Group.  Responsible for the BOE and ECB interbank exposure reporting.  KEY PERSONAL SKILLS • Analysis and problem solving; Machine Learning, Data Collection, Analysis, Project management, Design and implementation of new workflows • Economic, Fundamental, Quantitative and Technical analysis of all asset classes • Financial Services (Trading, Portfolio Management, Compliance, Risk Management
Manikanta Raju is a Data Scientist who believes in the power of finding and telling stories through Data. He sees himself as a craftsman using data and Artificial Intelligence as a craft to serve people by building great Data Science Teams and scalable products.  Manikanta is known for his result oriented approach with a focus on efficient implementation and customer centricity. He has capabilities of understanding the needs of the business, its strategic direction within no time and identifying initiatives that will allow a business to meet those strategic goals.  He possess versatile knowledge and experience on various Machine Learning techniques like Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forest, Naive Bayes Classifiers, Multi-Class Classifications, Regularization Techniques like Lasso and Ridge, Boosting Algorithms, Clustering, Apriori, Model Validation
Data Analyst with a great passion for data science Skilled in Python, R, SQL, Data Visualisation and Medical Research.
I'm an ambitious geoscience graduate that strives to learn, adapt and work collaboratively.  My experiences to date illustrate my passion for petroleum geoscience, which include being part of exploration and development projects. Along the way I’ve utilized diverse datasets, geological EandP skillsets and collaborated with talented mentors.,
A proactive, independent and self motivated individual with strong interpersonal skills looking for an opportunity to work in field of data analysis in a challenging work environment which can utilize my skills, maximize my abilities and practice what I have learned in my studies. I am eager to learn and excited to begin my career in this dynamic industry.  During my three years of study,  I equipped myself with computer skills in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) and basic software skills such that IBM SPSS Statistics, Matlab, SAS Programming, SAS E-Miner, C++, Oracle RDBMS and SQL. Above all else, I am willing to learn.
Building storyboards from complex numbers by doing data visualization into  simple and easily understandable dashboards.
Business data and quality assurance analyst with 3+ years' experience evaluating processes and methods, proposing modifications and developing system plans and documentation. Strong background in as is and to be, gathering business requirements, quality assurance,data extraction and analysis.Experience across Waterfall , Agile -Scrum project methodologies in banking,insurance and healthcare domains.
Product Management , Project Management , IT Architecture , Systems Implementation , Advanced Data Analysis,
Andrew has expertise in the areas of machine learning, statistics, cloud computing and AI.
North Sydney Shoppingworld, New South Wales, ia,Data Scientist with a passion for analytics. Global business experience in India and ia with small business and large enterprises in Human Resources, Accounting, and Corporate Consulting.  Business Analyst experience with skills in Agile and SCRUM for teams performing requirements gathering, functional specifications, software documentation, process flows, and UAT for business applications.   , Seeking global positions with focus in machine learning and deep learning.   Former Teaching Assistant at University of Melbourne. Provided technical guidance for data analytics projects in corporate governance using R, PostgreSQL, Git and SourceTree. Complete self-directed data science courses in Python and machine learning.  EDUCATION Master’s in Business Administration in Information Technology from University of Melbourne.  TECHNICAL SKILLS  Coding skills using Java EE
Worked as a Data scientist Intern at HOOQ TV , SingTel  and involved in various data driven decision making processes regarding customer journey and touchpoints using various analytical techniques and visualization with in the On demand video streaming industry.  Masters in Enterprise Business Analytics from National University of, my interest areas include Advanced Business Analytics, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Time Series forecasting, CRM, Campaign Management, Supply chain Management , Data Visualization and Decision Optimization.   I've professional experience of over 3.5 years in Process Automation, Business Analytics   Project development and management, Customer management and quality assurance.,
I’m a business-focused data analytics specialist and ETL/BI/DW developer with fifteen years of professional experience. I specialise in business analysis, data strategy, business process mapping, data quality, data deduplication, data migration, analytics reporting, and visualisation.  I have supported multiple industries including telecommunications, energy utilities, oil and gas, manufacturing, public services, real estate
Valerie is a fast learner and a self-starter who is results-oriented and have strong analytical skills.   The process of translating raw data into actionable insights and finding relationships between seemingly disparate things excites her. She spearheaded the first machine learning clustering model for a Ministry which helped to inform strategising of communications effort and engagement. She also automated analysts' routine workflow and significantly reduced the time spent on data wrangling that is equivalent to one headcount per year, which clinched the Innovation Award in a ministry-wide competition as it displayed innovation and impact.   She is enthusiastic about gaining new insights and believes she can leverage on her formal training in behavioural science to construct the architecture behind Deep Learning and Reinforcement Learning. Hence, in her spare time, she enjoys diving deeper in this domain. She believes the synergy between data science and behavioural science can deepen businesses’ behavioural understanding of their clients, and translate it to business growth and profitability. She is also expanding her knowledge of cloud technologies to unlock greater value of data for businesses.  Outside of programming, she enjoys hiking as she finds it fulfilling to push beyond her physical limits. This spirit of perseverance enables her to deal with the complexity of her work.
A highly driven, self-motivated and versatile individual, passionate about the fields of finance and technology. Constantly seeking opportunities to fail, learn, improve and repeat.
Seeking a challenging career with a progressive organization that provides an opportunity to capitalize on my technical skills and abilities in the field of Electronic-Computer and Information Engineering.,
Working on Data Analytics in Lazada specialising in understanding business needs and making the business more data centric.   Senior Associate in express logistics with a strong focus on operations, reporting and data analytics. Worked on launching same-day deliveries in South East Asia (SEA).   Over 3 years of experience in researching and launching travel, car, health and life insurance products across 6 countries in SEA. Proficient in programming, mathematics and statistics.,
I graduated in May 2016 with a Bachelor degree in Electrical and Electronic Engineering from NTU (cumulative GPA 4.4/5). With a passion for data analytics, I have pursued a 1-year Master of Science in Business Analytics in NUS (cumulative GPA 4.4/5), which graduated in Sep 2017.  With my passion for data analytics, I had studied in Statistics, Data Management and Warehousing, Deterministic Operations Research Models, Hands-on with Business Analytics, Marketing Analytics, and Analytics in Managerial Economics modules. Through many class projects and internship experience, I have mined and analyzed many large datasets to draw valid insights and inferences via different kinds of statistical data models from linear regression to deep learning method. I have also trained and applied different analytics tools such as SQLite3, R, Python, and Tableau to process data manipulation, analytics
Software developer with a wide range of experience having worked in development and project management roles. Adept at stakeholder management and passionate about data. Currently working as a Data Analyst at DBS in Singapore.,
Experienced Python/SQL developer, aspiring data engineer/software engineer 
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Operations Research, Data Mining, Azure Services, Machine Learning. Strong information technology professional with pursuing Master Degree focused in Enterprise Management Business Analytics from National University of Singapore.
Reliable and Energetic Data Analyst with 3 plus years of experience interpreting and analyzing data in order to drive successful business solutions. Which includes Power BI, MSSQL, SAAS experience. Proficient knowledge in mathematics and analytics. Excellent understanding of business operations and analytic tools for effective analyses of data. Advanced user of MS Office Suite – Excel, Outlook, Word and PowerPoint. I am very Adaptable, responsible, reliable, honest, attentive to details, multi-tasking and, hardworking person with Strong Communication Skills (Written and Verbal) and Inter-Personal Skills.
Despite only being a Year 2 undergraduate, I have about 1 year of Data Analytics Experience, specifically in the domain of tech and finance. I am someone who loves challenges and constantly seek to find difficult problems to solve.,
A motivated and enthusiastic IT professional with a bachelor of IT and a Master of Business Analytics seeking a position in the area of Analytics. Skilled in Excel, SQL, R, Python, Tableau and Power BI and recently completed an internship at Allianz insurance. Able to use my analytical, time management and strong communication skills to achieve the business targets.  Machine Learning:	R, Python, SciPy, Scikit-learn, TensorFlow, Keras, SAS Enterprise Miner Visualisation:	        Power BI
Data Analyst/Scientist at Cisco with a broad skillset.  Including programming(python primarily),  SQL, visualisation, automated dashboards (tableau, powerBi), financial forecasting, value cases, project lifecycle (from business case to actuation), general business cases, customer and business insights aswell as presentations to non technical audiences, version control management, ad-hoc request management and international correspondence.  Computer Science and Technology degree completed at The University of Sydney with a distinction WAM.  Passions lying in areas of environmental sustainability and equality, inclusive of humanitarian
I am a third-year student in Engineering Science Degree with Computer Engineering Science as a specialization. My 2nd major is Innovation Design program which focuses on design thinking and solving a real-life problem. I am also in pursuit for my business minor during this year 3.  My focus currently is about Artificial Intelligence. I am planning to make a start-up company in the future about AI. Therefore, I need hands-on knowledge in business and artificial intelligence. To answer the need, currently, I am running a small business about Indonesian snack which I nurtured from with the purpose of getting exposure to the business world.  I have two life lesson that I hold dear: Firstly, understanding oneself to minute detail is very important to achieve a successful life. including one's potentials and setbacks. Secondly, persistence and vision are important in one's journey of pursuing his dream. As someone has taught me  Pursuing dream is like an ant wants to go from point A to point B in a straight line. Although it planned for a straight path, when a path is blocked, the ant tries to find a way to go around the problem and continue his journey. From this, I learned that one must not quit and be persistent to catch his dream. Though, understanding one's dream is an equally important ability in one's pursuit.
Being part of Gametize's Business and Data Team, I am experienced in collaborating with multiple MNC’s, successfully delivered and executed projects for clients.  I lead Gametize’s Channel Partners program initiative and jointly manages a myriad of projects with various partners globally.  I spearhead internal data initiatives by providing core business and project insights using technologies such as Firebase Analytics, Google Analytics, and more. By utilizing various Python libraries such as Pandas, Numpy, Sklearn and Keras, I am able to make effective decisions and predict probable outcomes.
Data munging, visualisation and  analysis on SQL, Tableau and Python.,
Highly analytical and process-oriented data analyst with ability to translate problems into mathematical models. Possessing a master’s degree in Mathematics with a strong interest in data science and programming. Experienced at performing data analysis and building machine learning model to deliver insight to the business problem.
Software and data science professional with over 4 years of industry experience across government., healthcare, and marketing. Key skills include data mining, machine learning, object-oriented programming, information retrieval and management, human-centered design thinking with a keen eye for statistic analysis and data visualization. Worked in cross-functional, multi-cultural teams.
Business professional skilled in managing and integrating data to support various business and financial objectives •	Experienced in using database management tools, maintaining data integration and developing reporting systems •	Skilled in repositioning organisations to achieve operational and service excellence through planning, prioritisation •	Proven ability to communicate solution strategy and product offerings with demonstrated aptitude to analyse and translate complex business problems, design and implement innovative solutions •	Sound competency in data visualisation, reporting and storytelling by dashboard design and development using Microsoft Power BI •	Advanced skills in ETL and data cleansing
Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Python, R, Machine Learning, and Data Analysis. Enthusiastic about learning new skills and expanding my skill set. My interests include data analytics and getting meaningful insights from data.
Data Analyst in the retail industry, with a passion for data science and business analytics.  Graduated with first-class honours for Bachelor of Science (BSc) in Econometrics and Mathematical Economics from The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE).
Data analyst with more than a year's experience working in E-Commerce. Proficient in data visualization and business analysis across multiple verticals, with depth in logistics and operations.
I am a student well-versed in mathematics and programming. Interested to work on the field related with Data Science, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning.  Grew up in bilingual schools in Indonesia and I find myself capable of using English in various situations. I hope that I could further deepen my knowledge and hence, try to become more beneficial to societies.
Analytical and results-driven senior consultant excited to solve challenges at the intersection of data, business and people.  Hands-on work experience in data transformation, process improvement and project management in the U.S. and Singapore.  Passionate practitioner and learner of SQL, Tableau, RPA, Agile with relentless curiosity in new knowledge domains.
Experienced  Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in data analysis. Skilled in Data Cleaning, statistical Data analysis, A/B testing, machine learning, Tableau,excel, Python  and SQL for  insights. Based in  Sydney.,
Experienced Software Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology (automation)and services industry. Skilled in Java, python,Machine learning along with business management.,
extensive understanding in different business functions from her experience in various departments ranging from Operations, Marketing, Merchandising and Analytics.  As a problem solver with analytical skill, Venetia is proficient in SQL, R, Python and Tableau. She strives to be data driven, turning statistics and trends into actionable insights. She also enjoys meeting people, bouncing ideas with cross-team members and being part of a diverse workplace.,
Zhen Yu is a results-oriented data science practitioner experienced in delivering data-driven solutions to solve business problems. He believes in first taking steps to reduce complex domain-related problems and subsequently collaborating with stakeholders to work towards a fruitful outcome.   His core technical skills revolves around Python, R, SQL and MATLAB, with a keen interest to continuously learn new technologies applied to the field of data science.  Outside of work, he enjoys learning about finance and investments.,
I graduated Magna Cum Laude from Duquesne University in May 2019, earning a bachelor's degree in Economics and Finance. I am passionate about global markets and data, and work full-time as a Data Analyst at Canopy, a financial technology startup offering account aggregation, portfolio analytics, and client reporting solutions. I am also passionate about aviation, and am open to opportunities in revenue management, network development or other corporate departments. Some other areas of interest include retail, hospitality, technology, architecture and film.,
Currently Data Analyst intern in the DataandInnovation team in AXA Singapore, in charge of data-driven projects for the Finance Operations team.
An aspiring data scientist with academic working experience building robust and scalable machine learning models and executing data driven solutions to deliver actionable insights. Experienced in building prediction models using traditional statistical techniques, machine learning algorithms.   Highly analytical individual and fascinated in mathematics and programming. Result oriented professional with strong aptitude for learning and having Post Graduate degree in Data Science and Engineering.   Programming:  Python, SQL, Action scripts, C++, HTML 5, .Net
Innovative and self-driven analytics professional with 3+ years of experience and recognized abilities in ETL process, Detail-Oriented analysis, Data Modelling and Data Management. Acquired competency in the domains of Business Development, Vendor Management, Pricing Analysis, People Analytics, and Smart Cities’ solutioning. Highly qualified in managing as well as collaborating with diverse vendors, clients, technologies, and internal teams. Committed to continuous learning and in bringing positive changes to the organization, team, and people.
I turn real-world messy data into compelling business recommendations.,
Dinesh Kumar Agarwal is a Graduate student at the NUS Business school currently working as a data analyst at ST Electronics Infosoftware systems. With prior experience as a Data Engineer at TCS, he is passionate about working on impactful, innovative technologies with an emphasis on Data warehousing and Business Intelligence. He is proficient in Oracle SQL 11G, Informatica Power center 9.1, Teradata, SAP Business Objects and Google Bigquery. Originally from Nagapattinam, India, he obtained his B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering from SRM University. During his leisure, Dinesh enjoys playing online multiplayer strategy games, cooking and motorbiking.
Completed Masters Degree in Data Science and seeking opportunities that offer me the avenue to develop new skills which strengthening those I already possess. •	Over 3 years of experience in the field of Data and Business analyst. •	Experience in the industry as programmer analyst using Python, SQL, PL/SQL, R and Tableau to design, develop and enhance system operation metric. •	Good experience in Big Data and related Hadoop technologies. •	Exposure to NoSQL databases HBase and Cassandra. •	Proficiency in multiple databases like MongoDB,  MySQL and MS SQL Server. •	Expert in Tableau Desktop, Tableau Reader and Tableau Server and Experienced in analysis, modelling, design, and development of Tableau reports and dashboards for analytics.
I am passionate about the technology space and I enjoy turning data into insights. Proficient in SQL, Python, AWS, Git, Excel and some experience working with BigQuery and Google Data Studio  Capable of:  • Providing meaningful and actionable insights through manipulation and analysing large datasets • Data extraction, data processing and data visualisation • Analyse product related features   - Independent and fast learner, picking up new skills when necessary - Good team player that can adapt to different working environments
With more than 2 years of experience in the tech industry, Rais specialises in analytics to help business executives make data-driven decisions.
Procurement analyst with diverse experience across health, government, infrastructure, manufacturing, FMCG and mining sectors. I have an inquisitive mindset and enjoy being part of business/process improvement projects.,
Experienced Business Data Analyst with an exceptional record of delivering cost effective, high-performance technology solutions to meet challenging business demands and extensive qualifications in all facets of information systems methodology. Has more than 7 years of experience in implementing Mainpac EAM projects in multi-vendor environments.  Successfully delivered technical and functional tasks and worked for a wide range of industries include mining, energy resources (oil and gas), utilities, and manufacturing (including wholesale and pharmaceutical company) in both private and public-sector/government organisations.,
Looking for entry level/mid-level Data Analyst/Business Analyst opportunities with over 2 years of experience as a Data Analyst analyzing business operations and over 3 years in Marketing Analyst. Aiming to utilize my strong prioritization skills and analytical ability to achieve goals. My multi-industry experience includes data analytics, business analytics, pricing analytics, sales and marketing for international aviation, Information and Technology, hospitality and travel.,
An accomplished, motivated and solutions-driven Business Analyst with knowledge in the development, documentation and delivery of process innovations to attain business goals. Managed complex IT projects across multiple domains such as Telecommunication, Mobile Network, Electronics and Health Care. Demonstrated excellent customer service, ability to manage high pressure situations with distinctive problem solving skills in Agile and Waterfall model projects.
I thrive building creative systems to help decision making in complex environments. For me, excelling means constantly learning and re-defining the horizons of what is possible. My greatest strengths lie in my flexibility, analytical thinking and ability to lead groups.   My passion lies at the intersection of mathematics, statistics, financial markets and cutting-edge technologies.   Interested in quantitative, and global macro trading strategies, as well as data science and machine learning / artificial intelligence.   Proficient in Python, SQL and VB.Net.,
Enthusiastic, proactive, quickly adaptable, focused, conscientious, having over 11 years' experience in ICT as a BI Data Analytical professional with best data techniques and good interpersonal skills. Good exposure in End-End project delivery and management experience on a variety of projects by using Agile Methodologies. Providing technical support to end-users has potentially added value in my knowledge to hit the ground running and to provide effective solutions to business owners. Strong information technology professional with proficient in data analysis, data modelling, data quality, developing visualisation reports and I really enjoy all phases of data processes.  Demonstrated history of working in Telecommunications, Insurance, Banking, Health and utilities domain.   Core Competency:-  ETL Tools :  DataStage, SSIS
I am a passionate and motivated Wind Engineer, specialised in the design, modelling, and management of wind farms and wind turbines. I currently work as a Loads and Simulation Engineer, focused on offshore foundation design for wind turbines. I have also worked in offshore wind farm construction, aerospace drone research, and in the airborne wind industry. I am highly proficient in Matlab and Python, programs that I used for a wide variety of modelling and optimisation purposes.   I am an organised, self-directed, and creative team member; competencies I have developed through my work experience in multidisciplinary and international environments. I am used to highly dynamic roles where job requirements are continually shifting and new challenges arise frequently. Further, I have excellent written and verbal communication skills in English and Spanish, and I am experienced in describing highly technical information to non-experts.  As an MSc in Wind Energy and Aerospace Engineer
I am a skilled Junior Project Manager with 5 years’ experience at the Headquarters of prestigious UK Supermarket Waitrose. I have experience with multi-million-pound store refurbishments and estate-wide project rollouts within Waitrose. I have worked on projects from inception to completion, alongside architects, store planners and designers. Well organised, tech-savvy and strategy-driven, I take a pragmatic approach to assignments following the Prince2 principles.   I am experienced performing data analysis on projects throughout the duration of their trials, providing recommendations to senior stakeholders.  I have assisted in the creation of several propositions within the Innovation Team, my proudest achievement being the removal of single-use coffee cups, saving 52 million non-recyclable coffee cups per year. Other projects I´ve assisted on include: Plastic-free supermarket, Seasonal Fruit Veg, Fresh herb fixtures, development of new a Cheese and Deli counter proposition and multiple Branch regenerations.   I left my position at Waitrose to support my families business during a period of change.  Since then I have been travelling Southeast Asia and ia. After working on projects that focused on how our use of plastic damages our planet, I was prompted to explore the world a little more. However
A self-motivated and result oriented professional with excellent Analytical, Communication, Leadership, Team management and Negotiation skills. He is always ready to face challenges and have the right attitude towards work and believe that it is more important to have the right attitude than required skills, as skills can be acquired if someone has an attitude.  He has experienced in the BFSI domain particularly General Insurance and also has a Licentiate certification from the Insurance Institute of India.   He is always enthusiastic to learn new skills, help others, and share his knowledge. He loves to read books related to Personal Finance, Self Development, and Autobiographies. He is also quite active on LinkedIn to learn and help others by writing posts and articles. He also love to train and teach people.  He has recently completed PG Diploma in Data Science from IIIT Bangalore through Upgrad platform and have acquired the following skills :   Language: R, SQL (Window Functions, Subqueries, Aggregation, and other functions), Python OLAP operations and CRISP-DM Framework Visualization: Tableau
Hello!   I have been always curious person. As a small girl I could spent hours by resolving riddles for kids and reading detective books. I am not a little girl anymore, but not everything changed. I still love good detective story, but riddles are not for kids anymore. They come as part of my job now.  I have naturally landed in analytical field, started as account analyst and moved towards more technical analyses which I happened to enjoy more.   I am PMP certified business analyst working on IFRS9 project implementation at Standard Chartered Bank based in Singapore, SE Asia.   For ongoing 2 and half years, I have been engaged with implementing the credit risk requirements into bank`s built data warehouse - EDM.  Specialities: Analyses and problem solving -using tools such as teradata SQL assistant, Puty and DBS visualizer, excel  -business analyses including knowledge of retail and CIC bank porfolios, IFRS9 requiremets -technical analyses including HADOOP, TERADATA, SAS architecture knowledge  Communication skills  - I have been using effective communication skills while managing project streams delivery with help of tools such as meetings, conference calls and personal meetups and escalation practices.  I gained 5 years of experiences as accounting and financial analyst in a multi-national environment of IBM in Slovakia, Europe.   I love to work with people, since the best way how to learn something new and also to make new friends.  I keen on analytics and logic solution to get a whole picture at the hand. I possess with analytical
I am always eager to work in an environment which provides the opportunity to challenge yourself and come up with new and innovative and relevant ideas for the ever-changing dynamic business scenarios. Ever ready to take up new responsibilities and challenges. One to look forward to take up the hard decision and own up to them.  Specialties: Understanding Technical Issues and Solving them Presenting and Documenting Technical material to bring them down to the level of audience.,
Experienced Business Intelligence Professional,
Experienced Analyst and surveyor with a demonstrated history of working in the transportation/financial services/government agency. Skilled in MS Office, Advanced MS Excel , Oracle 11g and Oracle 12c, MySQL, MYOB  and XERO Accounting Software. Strong knowledge of retrieving data, manipulation and analyzing data using SQL and  MS Excel formulas.,
Malaysia,Good in planning, negotiation and data analysing. Continuously seeking new opportunities to stay relevant in banking industries.,
I'm an enthusiastic, highly motivated and industrious male, who is SEEKING TO EXPLORE NEW CAREER OPPORTUNITIES that allows creative thinking and analysis, and at the same time maximizing one's potential.
CERTIFIED SAS BASE PROGRAMMER FOR SAS 9 with 92% •	CERTIFIED SAS ADVANCE PROGRAMMER FOR SAS 9 with 85%       •	Technically proficient in SAS Enterprise Guide, Base SAS, SAS/ Macros, SAS/SQL and SQL Server •	Hands-on experience in handling large/complex data source files for all portfolios including data extraction,  manipulations, cleaning, sorting and merging •	Comprehensive Experience in handling SAS datasets and programs in Windows and UNIX environment •	Rich Experience in developing new or modifying existing SAS programs to load data from the source and create study specific datasets, which are used as source datasets for generating monthly financial reports •	Proficient in Microsoft office tools: MS-Excel, MS-Access Database, MS-Word, MS-PowerPoint •	Extensive experience on Data Analysis, Data Exploration, Data Visualization
I strongly believe in the power of marketing in the e-commerce landscape and am willing to continually test and innovate in marketing efforts, even if it means failing.   I am also a pretty fun and approachable person. I am passionate in music, art, animals, and marketing. Feel free to message me if you have any questions!,
Trying to do something that matters, if it is with numbers even better!
I'm a dynamic and goal-driven professional passionate about last tech trends, thriving in fast-paced, multinational environments.,
Enthusiastic Business analyst and dedicated employee with high integrity, strong work ethic and great leadership skills. Over 4 years of experience building revenues, improving processes and driving business growth through up and down markets. Proven success utilizing and improving financial models for trend- tracking. I have ability to build and lead teams of talented professionals to develop valuable process solutions to meet business objectives. I am result driven analyst with previous track of bringing business effectiveness on data findings and business strategies.,
As per the SFIA Framework (The Skills Framework for Information Age), which is a standard across ICT and Software Industry for describing and managing skills and competencies for professionals, I possess the following skills: •	Requirements definition and management – Level 3 •	Business Analysis - Level 4 •	Testing – Level 3 •	Data Management - Level 3 •	Data Visualisation - Level 4 •	Knowledge Management - Level 3 •	Customer Service Support - Level 3 •	Research - Level 3 As a Systems Analyst, I have experience in gathering business and technical requirements and translating them into business and technical requirement documents and wireframes and developing reports for over 1.5 years.  Skilled in creating dashboards and reports using PowerBI and Tableau, administering reporting system in Oracle Hyperion, working with subject matter experts, conducting functional testing and UAT testing and Stakeholder Management.  In depth knowledge of data visualisation tools like PowerBI, Tableau, Oracle Hyperion, PeopleSoft, Power Query, DAX and SQL. Ability to work as an individual contributor as well as in collaboration in a team environment. A self-motivated, organised individual with good work ethics and capable of working in fast paced environment. A versatile professional with master’s degree in Business Information Systems from University of Sydney.
Aspiring Data Analyst/ Data Scientist,
have more than 6 years of experience in Business Intelligence and Financial Data Analysis at Itaú bank, one of the biggest 25th banks in the world and the biggest in Latin America. During this time I have employed different techniques in data mining, crossing data, management of databases and dashboards and reports creation. In order to succeed in my duties, I made use of different tools, such as SAS, SQL, Visual Basic, Tableau, Microsoft Office (including Excel and Access VBA Programming), Hadoop, Teradata, C++ and others.  In addition
Data Science graduate adept at collecting, analysing, authenticating, and modelling data set to provide valuable insights. Competent in using statistical analysis to conduct market research and pinpoint patterns and trends. Proficient in analytical languages -Python,SQL,R, Rapidminer  Business Intelligence/visualization applications: Power BI, Tableau 10.2,Excel Happy to relocate within ia   I am firm believer -“Champions keep playing until they get it right.” – Billie Jean King,
Early Bitcoin Investor, Blockchain Evangelist and ICO Advisor.  I'm Passionate about improving the way our world runs - I'm interested in harnessing the true value of information using analytics and data science techniques to increase efficiency and make more intelligent business decisions.
It was during my job with a leading consulting firm, that my fascination with data began. The world of data first amazed me 3 years back and continues to do so. The whole process of gathering data, exploring it and then deriving conclusions made me dive deeper into this field. For me, the excitement in the data domain is in the journey towards achieving significant results and insights.   While being a data enthusiast continuously challenges my analytical side, I let my creative juices flow by engaging in front end development and creating responsive interfaces.  HERE'S HOW I ADD VALUE: • 3.7 years of rich experience in data extraction from large data sets using complex SQL queries and scripting languages like Python. • Building automated visual reports which provide insights using various visualization tools like Tableau and Power BI. • Analyzing reports to make strategically sound decisions. • Creating interactive web interfaces using HTML 5, CSS and Javascript.  ROLES THAT MATCH MY EXPERTISE INCLUDE: • Data Analyst, Senior Data Analyst,  Data Scientist, Business Intelligence Engineer, Data Engineer, Business Analyst, Front End Developer. 
Data Science; and Everything nice.    Life Science/Data Science graduate who always had a knack and interest for anything data. A Data Science initiate armed with machine learning techniques and python looking to gain experience in the field. I have experience with SQL and data analysis. An advocate of data driven decisions and evidence based solutions.,
Keen on applying machine learning to discover patterns to deliver optimised business solutions.  Alternative prior experience in: HR ( 9 months) handling back end work for awards presentation, reports administration and submission  In my free time I pursue solo-travelling , dancing and photography as hobbies.,
A data enthusiast fresh out from NTU Chemical Engineering/Marketing.  I like start-ups, so I spent my university days interning at Xfers (SG), Fave (KL), Kuprion (Silicon Valley) and LTA (SG) before I ended up at Moka/Gojek as a Data Analyst.   I like learning things, so I took up quite a few courses on data science, did a couple machine learning / deep learning projects and wrote a few blog posts on Analytics Vidhya. My main focus now is to gain a fundamental understanding of data and statistics as I pursue the MITx Micromasters in Statistics and Data Science.  I like building things, so I went to Silicon Valley to learn what it takes to build a business, and then went on to build an emotion detector, a transportation mode sensor and a smart trash bin (yes, a trash bin).   And I like meeting new people, so let's connect and learn from one another ,
I am passionate about unleashing the predictive potential of data analysis to drive improved business performance and continuous improvements in organizations. Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in ERP Consulting. Skilled in Tableau, Data Visualization Data analytics and Storytelling.,
I am a graduate student at University of Technology Sydney, focusing on data analytics and software development. I have a good command in SQL, Python, R, and SAS Studio.  During the completion of my study, I have accumulated sufficient experiences of business data analysis and web development through work experiences and side projects. I have worked as Data Analyst intern at UTS, Web Developer intern at Rugby ia and Salesforce Business Analyst. I am looking for exciting opportunities as a junior data analyst or web developer.
Data Analyst with a strong working knowledge of specialised techniques and tools to gather information and organise data. Provide insightful interpretation of data to support decision making and resolve complex business problems.  Strong focus on delivering and implementing on Azure cloud solutions using Blob Storage, Azure Data Factory, Cosmos DB and Databricks
A detail-oriented and talented individual with 3 years of data analytical experience in MNC and SME. Proven ability of using analytical and problem-solving skills in a fast-paced environment with exceptional academic qualifications in Data Science and Business. Team player and have great initiatives to take on responsibilities.,
Coming from a multidisciplinary background in education, training and communication supplemented by a technical academic interest, I am familiar in the systematic approach to data analysis and solving problems with a understanding of the limitations of what it means for knowledge and decision-making.,
I am graduated from Bachelor of Science (Honours) in Actuarial Science. Have proficient knowledge in statistics, mathematics, and analytics.  Now working as a Data Analyst with 1+ years of experience in data management and statistical analysis. Experienced in data processing (ETL) and build data visualization dashboard for tracking trend and analysis. And also experienced in building Linear Regression Model for sales prediction. In addition, I have excellent understanding of business operations and analytics tools for effective analyses of data.  I always open to new challenges for self-development and looking for great opportunities in learningandstrengthen the skills with data analytic tools(eg: Tableau, Power BI, SQL, R and Python).  At the meantime, I attained some Data Science/Business Intelligence certifications covering areas such as Tableau, Power BI, SQL, Python, R
I was hired by one of the top pharmaceutical companies in the world after my bachelors in biomedical engineering. Being a graduate from technology and working in pharmaceutical industry has broadened my exposure to the corporate world as well as life sciences industry. My mail role in the firm analyzing metrics and providing a refined data for a better understanding and representation of the product performance targeted at each region specifically. I had worked and implemented different strategies on different markets and had been successful in implementing the same. I had achieved the best graduate trainee award for implementing modules in the international west region (South America). Performing qualitative and quantitative analysis on the drugs targeted at each region and meeting the business and commercial requirements of every strategy proposed had been a challenge at work place. Talking to the technical team to meet the client requirements so that the business demands are met is a part of my job role. No two clients are the same, the requirements differ from client to client. Prioritizing the client requirements and escalating the important technical difficulties the clients are facing in day to day functions has been part of my job role. Collaborating the technical team with clients and translating the client requirements to technical team so that clients can have an uninterrupted deliverability is day to day challenge taken up by me.   Expanding my job role aggressively, I was also given a responsibility to analyze and quantitate the team efforts on each module implemented. This gave the managers a clear view of the deliverability of the team. My scope is not restricted to one unit of the firm, I had broadened my contribution to different units of the team from technical team to managerial level. SkillSet: MSExcel, Robotic Process Automation, Salesforce.com, SQL, Java, C,C++, Snaplogic,
Looking for new opportunities
An ambitious professional experienced in the creation of data visualisations and dashboards, and the delivery  of useful insights to drive business decisions.
Analyst at Maybank Berhad for the Group Model Validation department. My work consists of validating credit risk models using statistical methods.   Before joining Maybank, I was a data science trainee for the data analyst track with The Center for Applied Data Science.   My interest is in machine learning and computer vision. Aspired to apply machine learning to biological problems especially cytogenetics and protein folding, through bioinformatics.  Programming languages include; C, Python, R, and JavaScript. Familiar with data science and machine learning pipelines.
Hi, I'm an experienced Data Analyst with a passion for Augmented Reality and Data Visualization. Skilled in R, Javascript and Python, with an ability to produce formal research, along with engaging data products.,
A junior data analyst who likes dabbling in technology and finance data. Adaptable and ready to go where the business needs me.,
I am a good learner who always wanted to explore multiple techniques in the field.,
A result orientated Master of Data science Graduate adept at analysing business requirements, understanding data and developing thoughtful questions. A curious person with a strong understanding of statistical learning in order to derive insightful answers, looking for a challenging role where I am able to utilise and expand my university knowledge to help meet organisational objectives.
I am an MBA, with 4+ years of analytical and Data Analyst experience across industries- from large-cap companies to high-growth startups. Expertise in developing creative dashboards using Tableau, requirement gathering, analyzing complex data in Excel, SQL, writing SQL queries, SQL scripting of ETL, data mapping, data visualization, data extraction,  helping stakeholders and clients in making data-driven decisions.  I’m really good at Understanding stakeholder requirement, Qualitative and quantitative research – everything from harvesting data, knowing where to look, to explaining and building a persuasive case to show the value
I'm a postgraduate qualified data analyst with a specialisation in GIS. I have a passion for deriving data insights from an integration of statistical and spatial analytical techniques, to solve business problems.   I have extensive experience analysing large and complex datasets to solve business problems, with 14+ years working for Halliburton in technical data driven roles. Data was managed in a custom database management system similar to Oracle/Microsoft SQL server. The data was explored, visualised, analysed and modelled the system’s studio tools.   Following a successful career in the petroleum industry, I returned to university to continue my journey into analytics. During this time I gained a new range of analytical and technical skills, including a sound knowledge of the statistical packages SAS, R and SQL, and GIS software ArcGIS desktop and online, QGIS and Carto.  While participating in Activator programs to develop entrepreneurial skills, I consolidated my abilities to explore a problem, the process of ideation
Reporting Analyst with  4 years of Commercial experience across Multi-national Industries in various sectors predominantly in Banking, Media and Telecommunications. Highly competent in providing Insights on Business KPIs using Business Intelligence tools. Looking for a new opportunity to explore advancements in the field of Analytics to introduce new capabilities and deliver efficient and cost-effective decisions for ongoing business requirements,
I am currently working in a data analysis stream using SAS and SuperCross at National Centre for Vocational Education Research (NCVER), Adelaide (ia) which is adding to work ethic, adaptability, professionalism and leadership abilities. I am a motivated, results-driven data analyst with industry experience in statistical data analysis. Resourceful and proactive, I have been able to combine my communication skills with extensive domain knowledge to identify opportunities and deliver a satisfactory outcome for the organisation while working individually and as part of a larger team.,
I think I am:  *A Problem Solver* // Harnessing data analysis as a tool to devise solutions to real world problems by embracing analytics.   *A Vivid Dreamer* // Looking forward to working as an excellent Data Scientist.  *A Hybrid Monster* // Trying to apply my qualitative and quantitative skills in any work that needs an integration of both by Python, R, SPSS and etc.  *A Heavy Visualizer* // Visualizing data, business value, customer review...  And also: *A Team Player*, *A Fast Learner*, *An Early Adaptor*, *A Music Lover*.  “Without big data analytics, companies are blind and deaf, wandering out onto the web like deer on a freeway.” – Geoffrey Moore, author,  and consultant.
High-skilled BI professional having 7+ years of experience spearheading numerous on-site and off-site projects and ensuring delivery into areas of insights and analytics, such as Business Analysis and Reporting, Consulting and Strategic Insights, Performance trend while utilizing complex machine learning algorithms like decision-tree and rule-mining and Developing Interactive Dashboards. Expertise in handling large data sets, insights generation, output interpretation, BI automation and advanced visualizations.,
Graduated with a Master's degree in engineering at Imperial College London, I am a highly motivated individual who loves technical challenges associated with data science and computer simulation. Generally my main interest is in use of data analytics and machine learning models to solve interesting technological and business problems.
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in Statistical Data Analysis, Business Operation, Fraud Detection, Algorithms, Agile Testing, SQL, and Python (Programming Language). Strong program and project management professional with a Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) focused in Computer Science from Nanyang Technological University.,
Strategically-minded Data Professional with more than 4 years of experience executing data-driven solutions to increase efficiency and accuracy. An adaptable team player with proficient knowledge in statistics, mathematics, and analytics.  Highly experienced in using Machine Learning techniques for creating data regression models, classification, time series analysis, data visualization, and analyzing to deliver insights and implement the action-oriented solution to complex problems.
SAS Certified Programmer for Base SAS 9 with 11+ years hands on experience in SAS, SQL, Tableau and Power BI. Worked in Health, Oil Field Services(reporting) , BFSI, Utilities and Clinical Research sectors with national and international clients.  Specialties:  SAS / Base. SAS / Macro. SAS / SQL. SAS Enterprise Guide. Tableau. Hive. SQL. Power BI. QlikSense.,
Data scientist passionate about investigation and discovery of trends and insights that skilful characterisation of big data can reveal. Previously employed as a data scientist at the Justice Strategy and Policy Unit – NSW Department of Justice and BuildingIQ Pty Ltd (venture-backed by Siemens and Schneider Electric) in Sydney, ia.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.  Lao Tzu
A dynamic and driven data analyst professional with a demonstrated history of working in the real estate industry.  I am a passionate person who likes to contribute and make a difference within the business that I value integrity, growth and building trust based relationship.
Experience working on Machine Learning techniques such as Clustering,Classfication and Regression. * Good working knowledge with  containers in cloud such as Docker and AWS * Strong experience in resilient architecture (high availability, scalability) * Experience in integrating and managing large volumes of Data while taking into account performance issues * Skilled in Python, and experienced with packages related to machine learning and data science (e.g. pandas, numpy, matplotlib, scikit-learn) * Strong foundation in computer science and software engineering, and ability to deliver and test production level code *  Experience working with Data Scientists and finding solutions for them to work efficiently while manipulating high volume of data and be able to work with them and the teams to bring their algorithms at scale *  Passion in building tools and practicing Agile and DevOps approach, with operational experience in a fast pace and demanding environment.
I am 7 years experienced IT Professional. My skill set is as below.  Skillset and Knowledge: 1. Data analysis and visualization with Tableau BI (Certified Associate), Power BI, SAP BO, SSRS, TIBCO Jaspersoft 2. Highly skilled in SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL 2. Experienced in big data, python programming-(pyspark, numpy, pandas, matplotlib, BeautifulSoup) 2. Experience in telecommunication and banking domain. 3. Thorough understanding of Software Lifecycle Development.
Skilled in Python, Machine Learning and Data Analytics. Strong applied research professional with a Master of Technology focused in Knowledge Engineering from National University of Singapore.,
Data Scientist with domain knowledge in precision manufacturing, bachelors in Material Science Engineering and experience in research. I am always eager to contribute my Engineering and data science expertise through a thorough analysis of data to transform them into impactful insights. With a passion to help individuals make better and smarter decisions by strategically using data, I continually invest in improving my production capability through training and new challenges.,
Proactive and hardworking Master of Business Analytics graduate with excellent work ethic, ability to learn and adapt in a dynamic work environment. Two years of experience in the hospitality industry, providing high-quality customer services. Demonstrated leadership skills through effective communication, strong teamwork, time management and problem-solving skills. Currently seeking opportunities in analytics domain, where I could utilise and build on my technical knowledge and experience.
A highly self-motivated and independent team player with an analytical mind. Having graduated with a Business Analytics major in Nanyang Business School, Clayton is proficient in several analytical tools such as Python, SAS, SQL and Tableau. Being in the dynamic analytics field, Clayton understands the need for consistent self-improvement and takes responsibility for his own learning. Possessing both business acumen and technical skills, Clayton is able to leverage the power of data to gain insights and guide business decisions.
Studying Masters in Data Science with over 4.5 years of experience in data analytics in healthcare, recruitment and engineering sectors. Have gained industry experience and worked on SQL, R, Python and Tableau. Believe in creating an impact and generating solutions to complex problems.
Data Mining and Visualisation, Insights Communication | SQL, Tableau, Power BI, Hive, Impala | Python: Pandas, SKlearn, Seaborn, Matplotlib, Numpy, Dask | Azure ML Studio,
Data Scientist who loves to explore new approaches to solve real-life problems.
A former Philosophy and History of Science person, dabbled in publishing, currently into analytics.,
It is my pleasure to meet you here. My name is Steve, I am a motivated, team-work oriented and responsible data analyst with 2 years of experience interpreting and analysing data in order to drive successful business solutions. Proficient knowledge in analytics, mathematics, data manipulation, data visualisation, machine learning and data warehouse. Good understanding of business insights, business operations and analytics tools for effective analyses of data. My career interests include data analyst, data scientist, data consultant and business intelligence analyst.,
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the banking industry. Skilled in Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Data Analysis, Python (Programming Language), and SQL. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor of Science - BS focused in Economics and Finance from University of London.
Experienced Data Scientist | Data Analyst (Research Analyst) with a demonstrated history of working in the research, fintech, hospitality industry. - Proficient in using statistical software, programming language, and visualization tools: Python, R, SQL, Tableau, STATA - Skilled in Analytical Skills, Statistical Modeling, Data Mining, Machine Learning, Big Data
graduate of Statistics with almost seven years of experience in SQL programming, data mining, reports generation, data management and adhoc reporting and five years of experience in SAS Programming. Have work experience in both reinsurance/insurance, banking and telecommunications industry. Has excellent data investigation and problem solving skills. Always meets deadlines, by being organized and efficient in handling multiple tasks.,
A Petroleum Geoscience student, graduated from Universiti Teknologi PETRONAS, possessing great passion in Geology, Reservoir Characterization, and Geomodelling. While majoring in Basin Analysis, I am equipped with strong geological and geophysical knowledge. Often actively involved in many local and international level student-organized events in UTP and in collaboration with multinational companies during my internship with Resource Development and Management, MPM PETRONAS. Therefore my organizational, coordination, leadership and interpersonal skills have enhanced greatly over time.  I am also competent in PETREL after working on static models for 3 different projects :  a) Student Industrial Training : NAG Preliminary Field Development Plan (FDP) Study on Turbidite reservoir of T field b) Student Industrial Project : Assessing Impact of Subsurface Uncertainties on the Hydrocarbon Volumes in Meandering Belt Complex (MBC) of S Field  c) Final Year Project : Implementation of SQp-SQs Attributes for 3D Facies Modelling and Volumetric Assessment of SS Reservoir : A Sabah Basin Field,
Informatica Certified Developer with 6.11 years of total IT experience in all aspects of project development life cycle including Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation, Modelling, Testing and Supporting for Enterprise Data warehousing, Data marts, Data Acquisition, Data Integration, Data migration, Data ingestion. 6+ years of extensive experience in Informatica Power Center (10.x/9.x) tools along with that Informatica Big Data Manager (BDM), Informatica Cloud. Extensive Experience in designing and developing complex mappings applying various transformations and mapplets. Extensively worked on data extraction, Transformation and loading data from various sources like Oracle, SQL Server
Certified Advanced RPA professional and Data Analytics graduate and with an excellent work ethic and an ability to comprehend both business and technical requirements. Gained Data Analysis and Process Automation experience with latest tools, academic projects, and local volunteer experience.   Past IT experience as a Quality Analyst with the ability to apply a high attention to detail and demonstrated excellent service to clients. This was achieved by analysing large data sets, developing well-designed test cases, and Automation skills. Worked effectively in teams by optimizing traditional processes by providing value to the client. Worked with Insurance, Pharmaceutical, and Oil and Gas industry clients.
Data Analyst/Business Analyst and a customer obsessed leader who works towards improving the customer experience in the project development and management in the fast-moving data-centric world. Love to work and grow in an environment, where my performance is reinforced and contribute my innovative thoughts for the development of the company.,
Data Analyst developing and managing enterprise databases, ETL pipelines, automated data workflows and business analytics dashboards.
A detail-oriented, highly organised young professional and recent graduate with 3+ years of work experience specialising in Information Systems, Data Analytics and Business Management. Aiming to leverage my analytical, technical and business skills and knowledge to contribute in the area of Data Analytics.
workplace flexibility employee -lifelong learning person,
Data analyst with particular interest in healthcare, education and science. Formerly an academic researcher, educator and translator. Languages enthusiast. I am always up for new challenges, love learning and finding new ways to solve a problem. I enjoy meeting new people and always look for a better ways to communicate with them.,
Creative individual with a background comprising several internships and cooperative opportunities. An engaging personality with the ability to work efficiently on various tasks, including data analysis, in-depth research, operation, budgeting, and administration. History of being an effective team member with a full understanding of the underwriting process and team needs. Meticulous and excellent at juggling multiple tasks and working under pressure.
Data Analyst with 8+ years of professional IT experience having extensive analytical knowledge in global logistics and healthcare industry. , Collaborated with Business Intelligence, Data Analytics, Reporting, Dashboards, Client Interaction, and Mobile Technologies from conception through release of projects. , Articulate and highly enthusiastic, possessing excellent interpersonal communication skills and achieving goals effectively as a team. , Data has been called the new global currency, and its meteoric rise is transforming entire industries - therefore, would like to drive the demand as a practitioner to wield its power.  Specialties: i. Business Intelligence Analytics / Dashboard (InetSoft, Style Studio, MS Power BI, Visual Studio) ii. Database Management Software Tools (DBVisualizer, DB2
An articulate and quick thinking young person who has a natural flair for being able to communicate and relationships with potential clients. Asyikin is creative, innovative and willing to contribute ideas and professional opinion to any project. She is more than able to aid marketing department with their promotional efforts, advertising campaigns and public relations initiatives.,ekynnabila
A recent graduate in Accounting and Big Data Analytics seeking a challenging position to utilize my interpersonal and analytical skills in an organization to contribute to personal growth and company’s success.
I am a young and independent individual who is passionate about personal and corporate development. I strongly believe in the inter-connectivity of all the various expertise, that is why I see a personal objective to constantly learn new skills and develop on the existing.   During my undergraduate, I engaged in multiple English debating activities over 5 years and have developed multiple useful and transferable skills such as communication, interpersonal, presentation, negotiation, analytical and critical thinking skills. I have spent most of my university years in the leadership roles, both in class and in the Swinburne Debaters' Club administration.   During the course of my studies, I took up multiple part time jobs. Notably, I worked as a part-time permanent product consultant where I gained experience in Sales and Customer Service. I took this opportunity to relate theories I have learned in class with the strategies and practices the company applies. There I developed the ability to work under pressure, priorities my workloads and experience practical uses of what I learned in the classroom.   Upon graduation, I ventured to Singapore as management trainee in a restaurant for a year to learn operational works as well and understanding the behaviors of consumers.   I challenged myself and took a job as a Data Analyst and Digital Marketer for an e-commerce website where I have to learn modern marketing strategies and improved my critical thinking and analytical skills. As the company is a startup, I have constantly contributed out of my job scope and helped my colleagues and management team build better systems and workflows. I realized from here my ability to organize, coordinate and think through strategies.   Now from B2C
An accomplished Professional with over 10+ years of diverse experience in Team Management, Customer Support, Data Analysis and Operations, across multiple markets globally (Americas, Europe and JAPA) in diverse industries (Banking, Financial, Payments and Electronics). Demonstrated ability to build trustful client relationships, strategic thinker, and people leader with in-depth experience in customer relationship management and eager to add value to any organization.  * Results-focused, able to set high work standards for self and demonstrate drive to meet targets. * Excellent analytical and problem solving, coach, mentor, motivate and supervise project and program team.   * Successful in delivery of complex projects across multiple lines of business, with proficiency in handling varied stakeholders. * Ability to co-ordinate and work with cross functional teams
Experienced Data Analyst well-versed in multiple ETL and reporting platforms (Qlikview, SQL, SSIS/RS, BOBJ, Excel etc), data extraction and manipulation techniques, different methods of data analysis.   Delivered numerous automation and reporting solutions across banking, IT sales and FMCG industries to improve operational efficiency and to provide insights into business performance.
Data Engineer with 9+ years of experience in a number of different industries including engineering education, consumer micro-finance, customer experience management, consumer transportation and logistics. Currently working as a Senior Consultant at Servian.  I write for a number of publications on Medium, including TowardsDataScience, HackerNoon, Crowdbotics and so on. I am open for pro bono work for social and environmental causes. 
data analyst with 4 years of experience, experienced in interpreting and analyzing data to support management decisions, self-motivated with many achievements that helped my company improve profit from campaigns and offer and provide better customer experience.,
Data-driven and results-oriented analyst with a solid base in Marketing and strong experience in digital projects. Looking for opportunities to use data mining to generate actionable insights and informed decision-making.  As a project manager, I have foreseen the development of digital products using Agile and Rapid Prototyping. As the web manager of an ecommerce of 150K/mo revenue, I improved my sales analysis and reporting. After co-founding my own startup Unique Visitors, I learn the power of data analysis and decided to pursue this path.  I have a solid experience in data mining working with R and machine learning techniques to generate predictive models, regression, classification, feature engineering, algorithms, time series analysis, forecasting, sentiment analysis. I have experience working with Elastic MapReduce to create parallel computing clusters using Hadoop
I graduated in Business with an emphasis in Finance and have experience in planning, budgeting, forecasting, and management reporting.  During my career, I have worked in various multinational companies, including Vale, Enel, and BOLT, assisting in performance improvement, cost analysis, and interpreting complex data sets.  I moved to Singapore in 2016 and I am inspired by the diverse business opportunities, cultural diversity and the food scene in Asia.
Curiosity drives me to constantly keep learning. I am always excited to pick up new workflows and processes as well as academic knowledge. The world keeps changing rapidly and I feel the need to constantly improve my breadth to stay relevant with the trends. I believe in the need to expose myself to multiple experiences as it makes me more creative in my ability to perform different roles in different industries.  I started my career in the creative industry and it naturally led me into marketing and advertising. I’ve been a graphic designer, photographer, digital imaging artist, design and photography lecturer at Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts (NAFA), sales marketing for a printing company, producer at photography and videography companies, client servicing and business development director at a branding and design consultancy, and integrated project manager and data analyst for a prestigious international creative agency where I was part of the team that won gold at Marketing Magazine’s Singapore Agency of the Year awards for consecutive years in 2018 and 2019.  With humility and a desire to constantly challenge myself and stay relevant, I have managed to evolve myself constantly and leap into new roles by using my past experiences as a springboard. I am currently studying digital marketing strategies and marketing analytics to add yet another facet to my experiences and abilities. I look forward to sharing my experiences and abilities with your team to achieve great things together.,
For the last 10 years+ I have experience in Networking espcially in the Enterprise LAN environment which are covering LAN technology itself, Proxy, DNS-DHCP-IPAM, Firewall, Wireless.  My opportunity was starting from the daily operational level until planning and build level for LAN, which gave me a lot of exposure on how Enterprise LAN works from the technology and the process itself.    And since 5 years ago, my focus changed more into Network Monitoring and Management toolset and also including data management, handling the daily operational until it's architechture and design level. This exposure lead several achievement, one of it like succesfully enabling Network Compliance (for Software and configuration based on corporate global standard) and Network Device lifecycle management for whole APAC region.   Current skills/ interest: Splunk, SolarWinds (various module:NPM, NTA, SAM, VMAN, SRM
Tool agnostic experienced BI Professional with vast global experience in implementing end-to-end BI solutions in Retail and Banking organisations. IBM Cognos Certified Author and Administrator. Expertise in complex Report Studio Reports and DMR models in Framework Manager. Good knowledge of T-SQL and end to end implementation experience in delivering ETL and Microsoft SQL Server solutions in SSIS.  Working knowledge of SSAS, SSRS and Power BI. Special interest in data models, out of the box solutions to complex problems, Dashboard interface design and Visualisation. Permanent Resident of ia.,
I am a results-oriented and analytical professional with experience in data analytics, business analysis, and client management.  I am a skilled professional with a Master’s Degree in Information Technology (Professional Computing) from Swinburne University of Technology and a Bachelor of Information Technology Degree. With the ability to analyze and interpret high volumes of complex data and in-depth knowledge in project management, business process, and business intelligence and data visualization tools– providing overall support throughout all phases of project life cycles, from launch through execution.  As an Analyst, I am an analytical team player capable of executing and enhancing procedures to ensure maximum efficiency, productivity, and profitability. I am also skilled in providing consultative support and building key relationships through effective interpersonal, organizational, and leadership abilities. I am always adaptable with the ability to implement practical solutions under time-critical conditions. I have strong partnership skills with the ability to exceed business targets.  With a proven track record of implementation of complex data analysis, along with my polished presentation and training abilities
Data Analyst specialized in Instrumentation and Control, Group Technical Data (GTD/PDandT) PETRONAS.
Recent graduate of the Masters in Renewable Energy Engineering from the UNSW looking to contribute the skills I've developed in the areas of renewable energy, green buildings, and sustainability assessment.  I am enthusiastic on a broad range of specific areas such as renewable energy data science, policy, demand management, energy markets, system design, and more. I'm hardworking, resourceful, passionate, and generally enjoy contributing my efforts effectively.
A pragmatic yet innovative independent thinker inspired by the power and ability of data to tell revealing stories. Seeking opportunities in the field of data analytics to further enhance knowledge and expertise in the field. Self-driven individual with acute analytical, problem solving and decision-making skills to help the organisation achieve its business goals while holding on to vision, mission and values.,
I am a senior (final year) at Singapore Management University with a double major in Economics and Analytics, expecting to graduate in 2020.   My double major in Economics and Analytics has given me a holistic blend of analytical and practical skills. Economics has given me a thorough understanding of Markets and Policies, while Analytics has provided me with a strong foundation in Statistics and Data Manipulation. I hone my practical skills regularly, using software/languages such as Python, R, SQL, and VBA on coursework as well as company data during internship projects.   I am also actively involved in school activities. In school, I was the Vice-President of The Mentoring Circle, an initiative which shares knowledge amongst undergraduates and alumni. I previously chaired the Economics Freshman Camp catered for 200 Freshmen, which entailed liaising with stakeholders and making key decisions. I have also been part of a performance team representing SMU and Singapore in an overseas Salsa competition. These endeavours have improved my communication, interpersonal, and leadership skills.  I am constantly on the lookout for opportunities that allow me to learn, grow, and create value. I look forward to connecting with you!
I am a Data Analyst with PwC.  Nowadays, during my free time I love working on data driven side projects, learning something new on MOOCs or reading.   I believe in constant self-improvement and pushing my boundaries to become a better version of myself.   If you are also interested in data analytics /ML, feel free to connect with me!,
Data Analyst passionate about data-driven business decision and data science. Exceptional in Excel/Python/R/Tableau in day-to-day data wrangling, validation and visualization. Would love to be exposed to more opportunities that involves data science and machine learning. Occasionally blogs about data science related articles in Towards Data Science,
Information Technology based on database,
Penultimate at Tsinghua School of Economics and Finance, with a major in Economics Finance.  Had diverse internship experiences in both financial and non-financial industry
Masters graduate with expertise in data warehousing, process validation and business needs analysis. Ability to understand customer requirements and translate into actionable project plans. Dedicated and hard-working with a passion for Big Data. Seeking to leverage data analytical skills to improve organisation performance as a Data Analyst.,navchandru
I am an action oriented, quick learner with a flare for multi-tasking. I enjoy challenges and believe When you truly aspire for something the entire universe conspires in helping you achieve it”.   Currently I have taken a venture into the data analytics field. My innate Curiosity and quest for learning has helped to embrace data analytics with an open mind and raging spirit.  I am open to opportunities that enable me to make use of data for innovation, optimization and solving real, large scale issues in the analytics field which in turn facilitates game changing business decisions.
Tableau | Power BI | Alteryx | SSIS | SQL | Data Analyst | Passionate for Data.
I am an analytics professional with over 4 years of experience working across multiple portfolios in banking. Going beyond analyzing data, I have implemented analytical frameworks that have helped clients enhance their existing revenue streams and tap customer sentiment to respond more quickly to their tastes and needs  As a Graduate Student in Business Analytics at the University of Cincinnati, I focused on further strengthening my quantitative and data visualization skills with the goal of developing myself as an analytics consultant who enables businesses to successfully set and achieve road maps to integrate analytics into their business.  Skills and Technology:  1. Customer Analytics, Direct Marketing Analytics, Campaign Performance Analysis 2. Data Manipulation and Analysis using SAS, SQL and CART  3. Statistical Modeling using Logistic Regression (SAS)  4. Data Visualization using Qlikview and Tableau  6. Programming languages:  SQL,R,Python,C, C++, SAS, and VBA  7. Microsoft Office: Excel, Excel Solver
Experienced Marketing with a demonstrated history of working in the banking industry. Skilled in Research, Human Resources, Management, Microsoft Excel, and Customer Service. Strong marketing professional with a Bachelor's degree focused in Business, Management, Marketing, and Related Support Services from INTI International University and Colleges.
Currently holds a Master of commerce degree from the University of Sydney and has experience in the financial industry including financial internship experience and big data analysis project experience. Good grades and strong ability to learn, execute, analyze and solve problems.
A skilled and highly effective Data and Reporting Analyst. I have a strong background in underpinning mission-critical business decisions with evidence and insight across finance and business performance. I am an expert in data analytics, querying, and modeling data to gain insights and creating visualisations that illustrate metrics, to help businesses make informed decisions. During my roles, I have improved reports, streamlined processes, monitored projections contributing to the forecasting and budget analysis. I am highly skilled in several tools including SQL, Tableau, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Power Query, Microsoft Power BI
I am an Electronics and Communication engineering graduate from year 2017. I have worked as a Data Analyst and have experience of 8 months as a Data Analyst in Wipro Ltd., and 6 months as an operations analyst intern in untravel.com.  My skill set includes: -Power BI -Tableau -Java -Python -R -C -Microsoft Office -Written and verbal communication -Management skills -Leadership skills -Creativity  In my experience with Wipro, I have worked on various interactive reports and created aesthetic dashboards using the data provided. I have also worked on analysing data to monitor traffic coming on the website while interning for 6 months. I have gained leadership and management qualities while volunteering and leading many events and festivals in college. I am a travel enthusiast and like to sketch when get time. Currently looking for opportunities to use my skillset in benefiting the current market. If my profile interests you then feel free to contact.,
Experienced consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the market research industry.
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the investment management industry. Skilled in SQL, Data Analysis, Natural Language Processing (NLP), and Machine Learning. Strong information technology professional with a Master of Computing from National University of Singapore.
With statistics as my educational foundation, I have consistently been exhilarated for having the option to foresee results or study the trends through data. This roused me to persuade my masters degree and become a data analyst. Well versed with Data Visualisation, Deep learning models as well as Database frameworks.  Also Worked on a Project DEEP LEARNING FOR IMAGE CLASSIFICATION in Machine Learning and Data visualisation.   I am fascinated how artificial intelligence is evolving and is not only solving the modern problems but is now becoming an influential factor in technology. This encourages me to drive my enthusiasm towards AI and Data Analytics.
Highly analytical individual with a passionate entrepreneurial mindset, I carry the blend of rigorous academic training and varied global work experiences in the field of Analytics and Marketing.
Data Science enthusiast and a recent graduate in Data Analytics from RMIT University with 4 years of IT industry experience in SAP ERP as Techno-functional consultant and Data Analyst in different industry verticals.  Firm believer in the fact that Numbers when comes in relationship with technology can generate wonders.  Proficient in analyzing and translating business requirements to technical requirements and architecture.  Competencies: Data Science, Data Analysis, Data Modelling, Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, Time series Analysis, Bayesian Analysis data Visualization( Experience in Power BI, Tableau, FineReport, SSRS) MS Excel, PowerPoint  Languages: SQL, R, Python
Story-telling through data.,
I am a fast learner, open to accept new knowledge and concepts. I hope to work in a field that sparks my interest and allows me to gain new knowledge and experience continuously.
Data Science, Data Analytics experience in manufacturing and finance industry
Driven data/business analyst with 4 plus years of experience in data analytics, business reporting and process management. Adept in Excel’s analytical toolset, highly experienced with Pivot Tables, macros and SQL. Accomplished in the use of Tableau, Power BI visualisation software for dashboard and drafting reports that provide insightful analysis. Successful in using macros to automate and streamline reporting procedures, while simultaneously optimising the accuracy of performance metrics. Proficient in understanding different data sets and data sources, business engagement, stakeholder management and solving complex problem.
Typical data analyst/scientist with experience working in a cloud environment (AWS) in a modern tech company. Not so typical: my background is in statistics which forms the basis of my approach. Knowledgeable in many different data related tools, including R, Python, and Spark. My focus is on solving problems and answering questions with the use of data.,
Monitoring Data center facilities using BMS, EMS and Synapsense monitoring tools o	Maintaining visitor records and access logs  o	Maintaining access card and security surveillance system o	Managing day to day activities, users, visitors and subscribers co-ordination o	Analyzing power consumption and assigning rack space for different projects  o	Co-ordinate with respective teams with in a project o	Responsible for handling issues pertaining to operations and production o	Responsible to manage incidents during the shift o	Rack and stack of equipment o	Performing DC Cabling, labelling, patching o	Daily DC server health checks, walkthroughs, reporting, remedy and email queue management o	Receiving the material deliveries, maintaining the inventory store room o	Co-ordinating with COLO customers on their requirements and advising them on further options
A skilled professional with more than 9.5 years of experience (5 years of experience in data analysis field and 4.5 year of experience in operations) in ICT industry. Experience in data extraction, data cleansing techniques, validating, manipulating complex data and Data visualization/reporting using Python, SQL, SAS, Tableau, Power BI and Excel. Excellent analytical skills, problems resolving skills, Project Management skills, Leadership and communication skills. Certified in ITIL process framework focusing on Service Delivery, Technical Support and Customer Service.
I am a Data Analyst at Etiqa Insurance Singapore focusing on driving sales through analytics and campaign studies. Tools that I currently and heavily use are Python, Microsoft SQL, Qlik Sense and Google Analytics.  Previously, I worked as a Data Scientist at The Center of Applied Data Science (CADS) where I ran corporate training in Data Science courses (Deep Learning, Statistics and Data Storytelling to name a few) and worked with internal and CADS’ partners data to gain actionable insights through data clean-up and data visualisation (Tableau and Python’s Matplotlib).  Aside from work, I am currently studying deep learning and exploring how artificial intelligence can be of good use to society, how we can better understand human behavior through AI -- specifically how artificial intelligence can improve mental health.  Before getting into the industry, I graduated from the University of Wisconsin-Madison, USA with a Bachelor's Degree in Mathematics with an application in Actuarial Science. I will be starting my online Master of Science in Computer Science (MSCS) at the Georgia Institute of Technology this coming Fall 2020.  In my free time, I’d love to hang out with friends, watch movies and travel to new places. You can direct message me if you want to talk about Data Science, Artificial Intelligence or anything of professional topics, I’d be interested to have a conversation!  [Header photo by Doug Chayka through: https://on.mktw.net/2W1V4ih],
Target oriented. Self motivated. Team player. Fast learner. Enthusiastic in new technology.,
Highly versatile Full stack developer + data analyst package with getting-it-done attitude. I like working at companies with a clear Vision, where I can make a difference by taking things to the next level. I can start any coding project by scratch to the deployment phase.   Technology-wise, I'm passionate about software design and development and data analytical perspective pieces of works. During my last year at Uni, I mostly developed Python skills as a developer and a data scientist as well. I'm keen on exploring new topics and the latest trends in technology and always on the mindset to do something new by putting the full stop to old fashioned technical practices.  * 7+ Years of software development experiences ( C, C++, VB.Net, C#, Java, and Python) * 3+ Years of Web Development experiences (React JS, Vue JS, HTML, CSS
An award winning and result oriented technology  professional with extensive experience in handling humongous data. I have a proven track record of delivering successful projects globally involving migration of millions of current production data. In order to enhance my expertise in not only analysing the data but also predict the patterns involved I pursued my Masters in Business Analytics and Management Sciences from the University of Southampton. I dream to be a fortune teller with the data. Aside to my professional career I love travelling as it gives me an opportunity to meet people from new cultures , learn about their values and see things from a totally different perspective.,
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the oil and energy industry. Skilled in Extract, Transform, Load (ETL) process, Big Data Analytics, Data Visualization such as Tableau and Microsoft Power BI and Project Management. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor of Business Information Systems focused in Enterprise Information Systems from Universiti Teknologi PETRONAS.
I’m passionate about the technology and all things data science related, especially in the area of bringing insights and values to businesses through data science and analytics.   My skillset includes Python and R programming, Informatica, Oracle SQL as well as data visualization tools such as Tableau and Spotfire.  Outside of work I’m also an avid cafe hopper and an enthusiastic photographer.
I am an economics major by training, but have long since reinvented myself to a self-taught data analyst. I believe in constantly learning and challenging my biases. Hence, in my free time, I like to read and dwell on topics from philosophy, data science, programming and urban issues. I believe in the powers and dangers of technologies, and my ambition is to be in a position to make our world a more collaborative place through a mixture of data analytics, technologies and urban theory applications.
Empathetic, teamwork-oriented, and data driven Data Analyst with experience in increasing the comprehension of data and reports to the respective project holders. Currently pursuing Bachelor's in Psychology and actively self-improving in data science related courses in Online Education Platform such as Coursera. Bilingual in English and Bahasa Malaysia with an intermediate understanding.  Everyone has their own way on keeping themselves pumped up and as for me ; “The secret of change is to focus all of your energy not on fighting the old, but on building the new” -Socrates
Experienced in execute the data-driven solutions to increase efficiency, accuracy, and utility of internal data processing. Skilled in Databases, Data Analysis, R, Tableu and SPSS.
I am a currently enrolled Master of IT student at the University of Sydney double majoring in Data Management and Analytics and Software Engineering. My career interests are software engineering and data analysis, data mining and machine learning engineer.
Siddhant Sethi is an enthusiastic, persistent and hardworking person. He always tries to excel in whatever he does by adding flavors of professionalism, perfection and sportsman spirit. His objectives in life have always been towards learning out of every single experience he put himself through. You can never be the smartest person in a room, however, you can be the most hardworking.,
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the banking industry. Skilled in R and Python(Programming Language), Requirements Analysis, C++, Sun Certified Java Programmer, and Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Strong information technology professional with a Master of Technology (MTech) focused in Knowledge Engineering from National University of Singapore.,
I am enthused about data science, continually working and studying from the Fintech industry. Skilled in programming languages such as python, SQL, R, and Java; Worked with databases such as MySQL, Postgres, and MongoDB; Passionate on machine learning and deep learning.,
The healthcare of tomorrow requires insight from the data of today. Let us be the voice to those numbers.  The price of light is less than the cost of darkness.  - A.C. Nielsen,
Dedicated and detail-oriented Business Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the banking industry. Skilled in Microsoft Excel, Brio, SAS Programming, and R. Strong research professional with a degree focused in Mathematical Statistics and Probability from NUS.
Graduated as an Electronics and communication engineer, I have passion for IoT and data driven analytics. I own an experience of 3.10 years with Accenture Solutions Pvt. Ltd. and am skilled in Tableau, Alteryx, SQL and R. I am a graduate in Masters in IT in Business in Analytics Track and currently working with Standard Chartered  Bank as Data Analyst.
Experienced Data Analyst Consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Alteryx, Tableau, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Power BI, and Data Analysis. Strong business development professional graduated from Universiti Utara Malaysia.
Data wrangling and visualization | Tableau Desktop Specialist | Business Intelligence,
Certified Business and Data analytics professional with over 10 years of experience in business analysis, interpreting and analysing data, stakeholder management and reporting.   I have worked on diverse range of BI projects and have extensive hands-on experience in end-to-end designing and implementation of BI reporting solutions -  from requirements elicitation and design to data modelling to report development, testing and production release in a large enterprise wide environment.  I possess sound understanding of relational and dimensional data modelling, star schema, data warehouse and reporting services.  Specialities: • Business Intelligence Tools – Microsoft Power BI, Cognos BI • Cloud – Microsoft Azure • Productivity applications – Jira, Confluence • Expert in analysing the AS-IS and TO-BE processes, process mapping, gap analysis • Expert in building analytical solutions to extract key insights from raw data using Descriptive, Predictive analytics  • Expert in evaluating and mapping business requirements and designing reporting and analytics-based solutions for businesses, promotion of data-driven decision-making across the organisation • Building Business KPIs and measurement through effective and dynamic Data Visualisation Dashboards and Reports for Senior management. • Excellent understanding of business operations
Pursuing my Masters degree in Business Analytics at Singapore Management University. 4+ years of work experience in IT industry Familiarity with relational databases and SQL-like query languages Played role as a Process consultant involved in implementation and enhancing the Engineering Processes of Robert Bosch Automotive Steering Gmbh, head quartered in Germany. Knowledge of a scientific computing language such as R, Python and visualization tools such as Tableau Ability to analyze complex, high-volume, high-dimensional data from varying sources Analytics modelling to derive insights from data and recommend impacts to  the customers Well versed with Software development life cycle including Agile methodologies Ability to work on parallel projects which would benefit the team and product in terms of time and cost ***************************************** Domain Experience: Manufacturing sector like Automotive Steering,IT and Consumer Electronics. Tools: Tableau, JMP Pro,PowerBI,Method park Stages, Microsoft Office (Advanced), IBM rational tools (Clearquest, ClearCase, DOORs ,RTC and RQM) Programming: Python
University graduate with the skills in information management as well as customer service seeking to leverage acquired academic knowledge and experience in a competitive workplace.,
Experienced Master of IT graduate, with specialisations in Data and Business Analysis from Swinburne University of Technology, who is seeking a career in Data Analytics through expanding my expertise and learning new technologies. Passionate about data science and the great things humanity can achieve using data, I am a glass half full type of person who knows that there’s always room for improvement. Willing to do more than what is expected of me and always ready to learn more by contributing my best for the team I'm working with to achieve organisational goals, it is my ambition to work toward establishing a start-up in Data Analytics.
Experienced Structured Finance (Securitisation) Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. Skilled in Bloomberg, Financial Markets (Fixed Income, FX, and Commodity Markets), Microsoft Excel (Bloomberg API), with a Double Degrees in Bachelor of Business Management and Bachelor of Science (Economics) focused in Finance, Economics from Singapore Management University.,
Highly technical minded professional with business and analytical experience. Exposure in multiple industry sectors including finance, utility, retail and public sector. Love team work as well as autonomous work. Always curious in process improvement and skill development. Japanese, Cantonese speaker.
A proven leader within esteemed organisations, I am a fast learner and do everything in my capability to deliver great results.   Business Analyst through education and trade, I am constantly looking for ways to further develop my present skills and look to learn new skills.  PowerBI, Tableau, SQL, python, Excel, VBA are daily tools and languages used in my day to day tasks.   The one thing that keeps me up awake is that I'm not learning fast enough. Hungry for knowledge, patient in repetition, open to criticism. Humbled and grateful for opportunities that come by.
10+ years experience in data analysis and signal processing.,
Area of expertise:  Surface water modelling, Hydrologic and hydraulic analysis and modelling, Hydraulic design, Flood assessment and modelling, Flood mitigation, and document preparation, Data mining (Space and Time Data sets), Spatial data analysis, Information visualization (Space and Time Data sets), Statistics,
I am a Data Scientist with over five years of experience in Analysis, Design and Development. I always welcome opportunities where I get the scope to work on challenging assignments.  I played multiple roles and built a strong background in database development and data analysis. After working as an Oracle Applications Developer, I have developed a keen interest in turning large chunks of data into stories and insights. One of my greatest assets is my zeal towards exploring new technologies. I am always on the lookout for machine learning techniques that makes my work far more engaging.  To further improve my skill set, I joined General Assembly to upskill and figure out much more in Data Analytics and Data Science.I explored EDA, Feature Engineering, Supervised and Unsupervised learning, Optimisation techniques, Statistical inference, data visualisation using Python and Tableau.I am skilled in SQL, Pl/SQL, Unix shell scripting, Microsoft office and core java.I prepared Tableau dashboards and interested in Data storytelling.	I am Qlik Data Architect, developed market intelligence reports.  Being an ambitious person
SAS Certified Base Level Programmer - SAS Certified Advanced Programmer - SAS Certified Statistical Business Analyst using SAS 9: Regression and Modeling - SAS Certified Predictive Modeler using Enterprise Miner 14 - Proficient in SAS Visual Analytics 7.4 - Proficient in T-SQL querying - Proficient in Teradata SQL - Proficient in using Google Big Query - Proficient in using descriptive and inferential statistics, non-parametric tests, ANOVA, Multiple Regression, Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Neural Networks, Cluster Analysis, Association Analysis - More than ten years of enriching experience in market research, data analytics, sales and client support - More than six years experience in product and people management - Eight years experience in working with global insurance, banking
Data Analyst with 5+ years of experience in helping the fortune 500 companies to solve complex business problems using data. I believe in utilising the data to deliver actionable insights with better visualisations (as it makes our lives easy).   Fondness towards data and problem solving led me to pursue graduate degree in Business Analytics to  explore the world of data science. Indeed, Learning never ends. Have assisted Regional CIO of DHL Express in system optimisation through data crunching during my Internship.   Skills: R, SQL, Python Tableau, Looker, A/B Experiments, Hypothesis Testing, Forecasting - Linear Regression, Time series models; Clustering and Classification techniques.  I am open for any discussion related to data science and Analytics over a cup of coffee. Please feel free to connect with me regarding the same.,
March 19,A zealous Aircraft Engineering Technology ( Mechanical ) student with both technical and managerial knowledge on Aircraft, Powerplant, and Oil and Gas. Currently commencing internship in Petronas Carigali Sdn. Bhd until June, 2019 before veering into the industry as a graduate.
Enjoys solving interesting problems with data and inventing scalable data products to make a positive impact. Strong expertise in machine learning algorithms, big data platforms, marketing analytics, and full stack engineering.  Participate in Kaggle competitions. Top 1% Silver medal in Porto Seguro's Safe Driver Prediction, Top 9% Bronze medal in Predicting Red Hat Business Value.,
Interested in data analysis and data science. Have a background in statistics, currently learning Python (including Pandas, Mathplotlib, etc).  As skillful financial analyst in the past, I have valuable experience in gathering requirements, collecting of input data, data structuring and developing complex calculations and algorithms.,
Good analytical, system and communication skills ·	Good team player and relate well to all levels of management ·	Willingness to learn ·	Responsible and able to meet deadlines ·	Fast leaner ·	Pleasant
Business Data professional with experience of multiple ETL BI data migrations and conversion projects for leading multinational companies in finance and energy sector. I have experience of working with clients, vendors and internal teams spread across geographies. I have worked in multiple teams under SDLC e.g. build and configuration, system test, development, business analysis, conversion consultancy.   My core expertise is  - Data and business analysis - ETL BI, DBMS, DW solution delivery activities (all stages of SDLC) - Stakeholder management (Vendors, Clients, internal teams) - Setup and configuration of vendor systems like General Ledger, FATCA CRS - EOD (end of day) Reporting systems    My core technical skillset is  - ETL BI technologies like Abinitio v2/v3, SSIS 2012, Informatica PowerCenter v9/v10
An aspiring data analyst with experience working in manufacturing, B2B and wholesale business across a number of departments including engineering, sales, and marketing.,
5+ years of experience as SAS Developer/Data Analyst with Base SAS and Lean Six Sigma Green  Belt Certified. •	Extensive knowledge of SAS programming techniques and programs especially SAS 9.2/9.3/9.4,SQL and  Tableau •	Strong experience on Base and Advance SAS, SAS/STAT,SAS/Access/ODS/SQL in Windows and UNIX environment to generate various summary and listings reports •	Data Enrichment/Transformation and Data Visualization using Tableau •	ETL, Data Mapping and Validation, Data Quality Check, Report Creations •	Good knowledge of using SAS Visual Analytics,SAS Data Integration, SAS Enterprise Guide for UNIX and PC SAS for Windows •	Used Data manipulating Techniques for analytics data preparation such as SQL, Databases. •	Analytical, Data driven approach with an attention to detail •	Analyze large quantities of data generated from multiple sources like flat files, Excel, Database, Xpt
I am accustomed to working to meet strict deadlines and targets with an excellent knowledge in the areas of communication, working with initiative and dealing with individuals or group of individuals. I have the ability to learn fast in an environment.,
I am a big fan of Big Data, Cloud and Data Science. Presently working as a Data Engineer with strong problem-solving capabilities in complex situations. With over 11+ years of IT experience, Most of my work has been with the financial institutions representing both IT and the business.  Data Engineer/Data Analyst:  Responsible for setting and implementing a scalable big data strategy, building and training the team, and leading the way towards a data-driven product.  Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS technologies. Developed and managing DevOps CI/CD Jenkins pipelines for generating Airflow DAGs and deploying spark and Talend jobs. Design and build data processing pipelines using tools and frameworks in the Big data ecosystem. Hands-on experience with Hadoop YARN, AWS S3, Alluxio, Spark, SQL, Kubernetes,  OpenShift, and Python. Implemented Data Governance using Excel and Collibra
My role as an engineer and analyst serves as the brain of the organization when it comes to decision making. I collaborate with external and internal stakeholders to turn business insights into actionable solutions and optimize productivity through data analytics to keep up with the ever-changing industry.   Ability to embrace uncertainties and learn fast is crucial to keeping up with the trend. Above all, knowing that I am part of a company that builds products to power innovation and enable technology of tomorrow motivates me to strive even harder.,
An MBA graduate with an extensive experience of 9+ years in the areas of data sourcing and analysis, business process mapping, problem solving, reporting, along with a cross functional experience in delivering learning and development strategy, enabling individuals and teams to gain the skills, knowledge and capability they need to succeed in their roles. Seeking a pivotal role with a dynamic organization wherein accrued skills and expertise can be effectively utilized to make concrete contributions to the financial bottom-line of the organization.
Data Analyst at Spotlight Retail Group, passionate in problem solving and cooperating effectively with all departments within the Business.
I have worked in the IT industry for nearly 9 years now and have expanded my knowledge and explored many angles of IT including Business Analysis and Business process improvement and technical support as well as Project Delivery using Agile Methodologies.    Overcoming challenges and trying to achieve the best of myself is my daily goal.   “COMMITTED TO EXCELLENCE IN LEADERSHIP”   Ambitious, highly focused and self-motivated individual with good business acumen, keen sense of thoroughness, accuracy, and eye for detail looking for a career in IT Project Management Result driven, accept responsibility and deal with issues professionally, swiftly and sensitively. Able to perform under pressure, and handle challenging situations using well developed analytical skills. Impeccable public relations, presentation and communication skills, complemented by a friendly and outgoing personality and personalized approach. Team player who will strive to create a positive and nurturing work environment. .    “SEEKS CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES WITH ENTHUSIASM TO IMPROVE MY SKILLS IN IT PROJECT MANAGEMENT”,
a rare team player who excels at bridging the gaps between technology and business, business and vision, organisation and customer. He has a reputation for building productive working relationships across management and operations teams, stakeholders and clients. His studies underline his passion for sustainable business practices. All this provides him the scaffolding to drive change within organisations with a natural focus being customer-centricity and innovation. Rajeev aspires to take on a new challenge and take a forward step in his career, bringing his proven technical and business aptitude  Areas of expertise: - Agile Methodologies - Project Management - Stakeholder management - Business process modelling - Project Reporting - Digital transformation - UX/UI - SEO techniques - Content management systems (CMS) - Requirements elicitation - Data analysis - Adult Learning - Course and Content Evaluation - Quality Assurance - Educational Technologies and Learning Management System (LMS) - Training Needs Analysis (TNA) - Learning Design - Higher Education - Research and Evaluation - Microsoft Office Suite
Friends call me painter of numbers, I love translating data sets into shapes, forms and colours, and narrate the stories data got to say to the world! Time to time I keep trying to emulate the weird new graphs, and see what different story they got to say! Tableau and QlikView are my favourite pallets, it gives me immense joy to squeeze the actionable insights out of huge unyielding data sets! I have been doing this for past 13 years, working with fortune clients - Facebook, GE, Nokia and The Nielsen, while working with teams across Europe, US, SE Asia and India.  Post graduated in computer science and software engineering, Led the technical teams that create wonderful data visualisations. When I am not graphing, I enjoy to explore the new places
I've joined, built and led Data Analytics teams in 2 prominent tech SEA startups (iflix and Carousell) - setting up core data infrastructure, developing new analytics programs / projects and scaling the org in tandem with business growth. In my cross functional data role(s), I've had the privilege to collaborate with and learn from diverse people across engineering, product, marketing, operations and commercial, as we worked together to shape consumer products in the SVOD and C2C Marketplace space.  I hope to apply these experiences and skillsets to continue building meaningful things and solving interesting problems, wherever my next stop is.
Yuhanis is a Data Analyst at Air Liquide. With sixteen (16) years’ experience in IT and business analysis, her skill involves data and business analysis, multilingual programming, database and system architecture design.  The knowledge gained from both technical and business career paths has allowed her to contribute in both fields and enabled her to make better judgements in decision makings and strategically solving issues.  With the current trend encompassing big data, she has attended AWS Specialist Training (Big Data on AWS) and completed her course in data science, organized by Johns Hopkins University, to be a certified professional in the industry – thoroughly involved in the development of state-of-the-art data prediction, in-depth reporting and data visualization.
A passionate and motivated analytics enthusiast. I am very excited about the  disruptive potential of synthesizing analytics with IoT. With the combination of these already disruptive technologies, it will enable all the possibilities of what living products can deliver.
Data-Driven analyst with 4 years of experience in Data Analytics across various domains including Finance, telecom and Healthcare. Proficient in mining large data sets, recommending actionable insights, and compelling data-driven storytelling.  • Programming Language: SQL, R, Python • Databases: MySQL, NoSQL(MongoDB, DynamoDb) • Big Data: ETL, Hadoop, Hive, Spark
Big data analytics is the next pillar for business growth. Stay relevant or be left behind.,
A Masters of information Systems graduate with over 6 months of experience, looking for opportunities to enhance Businesses through analytics and bridge gap between Business and IT. Seeking a career in a dynamic firm, to utilize prior experiences in business analysis, process mapping and data analysis to derive meaning insights
I am a Bachelor of Mathematics graduate from the University of Wollongong, as well as a final year student of a Postgraduate Diploma of Data Science at Monash University. I am a team player and enjoy contributing to group work and bonding with my classmates and colleagues.  My professional experience includes 3 years of consulting, platform training, analytics, statistical modelling, as well as optimisation research and development using SQL, R, Python, and DAX.  I am seeking to pursue mentorship from a senior data scientist who specialises in either Industry 4.0, computational mathematics or the health sector. I can offer my future mentor a keen mind as well as my time towards a research project from 2021 onwards.
a highly motived, adapted and responsible person with a passion for academic research and business analytics.  Market Consulting and Client Services:  I have carried out many consulting projects aimed at brand positioning, brand performance tracking, market segmentation, new product launch, and media buy decisions for major players in the automotive industry. I took a lot of responsibilities in client service, including pitching prospective clients, communicating and negotiating with the clients about the project requests, the timeline of the projects, and the progress of the projects, reporting and presenting recommendations to the clients.   Analytics and Market Research:  I have previously done modelling to calculate the brand equity of client's brands; I have done segmentation using cluster analysis; I have done choice modelling and conjoint analysis for clients to optimise new market offerings and the price; I have done competitive market analysis to help clients to reposition their brands and improve the overall brand competitiveness. I have a lot of experiences in various research methods, including surveys, in-depth interviews
Management University majoring in Business and Computing. I'm passionate about leveraging technology and innovation to help accelerate progress towards a sustainable future.  My current areas of interest include driving sustainable development with technology, leadership challenges and character development through sports.   If you nerd out on basketball, have a go-to smoothie recipe and enjoy exchanging a good story, I think we'll get along!  Let's do something together!
People don't buy what you do; they buy why you do it...... And it's those who start with why that have the ability to inspire those around them or find others who inspire them. - Simon Sinek,
I am a methodical and detail-focused person who is technically savvy and comfortable working with new technologies and analytical techniques. I am adept in R, Python, SQL,Tableau,Power BI,QuickSight along with a foundation of experience in data cleansing and data analysis. My technical skills are complemented with a drive to support stakeholders to achieve their goals by providing accurate insights and predictions to support effective decision making. Key skills include: •	Proficient: R, Python, EXCEL,SQL,Tableau  •	Familiar with: Hadoop, JavaScript, HTML
data analysis, data visualization etc,
I’m a quick study, an efficient worker, and adaptable to changes and high-pressure situations, I get along with others and work well alone. I’m first-rate at solving problems and thrive at overcoming challenges and all obstacles. I’m graduating with a Master of Science Data Science for Business with a distinction award and my dissertation (Library Inventory Optimisation Using Constrained Temporal Association Model) is pending publication in Journal of Artificial Intelligence and Soft Computing Research academic journal. I’m proficient in modelling in Python and R, from scikit-learn to caret to Keras and equipped with effective communication skills to deliver solutions to key stakeholders through insightful visualisations.,
Graduate of an inter disciplinary degree, Business Analytics at the National University of Singapore.  Be it spending a month interning in the analytics team in Nokia, or working on creating an app in the field of nutrition or spending a month in Fiji working under an ian company, Project Everest, trying to use artificial intelligence and various data collecting methods using drones to help Fijian farmers as part of a social enterprise, I have always wanted to challenge myself to try new things.   Along with my various work experiences and internships, I would not be a complete person without two things - arts and adventure. Be it being a child artist in various drama shows, debating at a National level in my secondary school, being part of the choir for 4 years, learning the keyboard under Trinity guildhall for 8 years, getting trained in classical Indian dance or getting one of my short stories published when I was 16, I am a true admirer the arts. Also, being an adrenaline junkie, I would go to any extent to try the most extreme and uncomfortable activities
Data Analyst with experience in ETL, Business Intelligence, Data Migration, Data Science and Analytics projects across Retail, Consumer Goods, Banking, Insurance, Healthcare Energy and Human Capital Management domains •Demonstrated experience in various roles pertaining to Data Analysis and Consulting, building Business Intelligence (BI), Data Science and Analytic solutions  •Experienced at identifying and integration of new internal or external datasets required to complete the analysis and enhance the validity, expectedness, and accuracy of models •Ability to understand the context of Business Intelligence scenarios and identify Data Analytics opportunities •Demonstrated ability to Analyze Data and derive unique insights for Visualization and Narratives. This would involve communicating the research findings through visualizations and well-documented analysis •Skilled in Predictive Insights through the effective usage of applied analytics
Masters in Advanced Computing with Management. • Modules: Data Structures and its implementation in C++, Algorithm design, Cryptography, Network Security, Project Management and Principles of Management.  Calicut University, India                           June 2010 - April 2014 • Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science.  SKILLS: • Languages: Java, C++, SQL, Java script, C3 JavaScript, Basics of Python and R • Strong analytical and quantitative skills along with good verbal communication skills. • Advanced knowledge of Excel and Visual Basic. • Expertise on data visualization and reporting tools like Power BI, Tableau and QlikView. • Good understanding of data analysis with an excellent eye for detail. • Able to perform complex research and analysis to help business operations and processes.,
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the telecommunications industry. Data analytics specifically in data mining, BI reporting and data visualization are my forte. Highly skilled in SQL querying and using analytics tools such as Tableau, Google Data Studio, etc. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor's degree focused in Communications Engineering from International Islamic University Malaysia (IIUM).
People-oriented, analytical, pragmatic, and dynamic, with having a highly creative nature.  precise and meticulous Data Analyst passionate about helping businesses succeed.  Possessing strong technical skills. Competent and Self-motivated with an organized, enthusiastic and focused approach to work. Highly goal-oriented and results-driven and eager to learn new skills and technologies and develop  my career in the organization.,
I've recently studied at Data Science Immersive course in Melbourne, ia, where I learned to take my passion for data analysis and apply it to the real world.  Through this course, I gained an appreciation for statistical methods like A/B testing and Bayesian analysis, and a deep understanding of various machine learning algorithms, their implementations and their applications.  At the end of the program I delivered a capstone project that used to predict Churn of Customers in  Retail Sector by using Logistics Regression and Time Series modelling in Python.  I have good experience in the Data Analysis. Through my various roles,  I've developed expertise in analysing and processing market data to support trading activities.  At university I graduated with Advanced Mathematics and attained my master degree in Computer Science.
I am a data analytics professional with a firm belief that data is the next wave in our industrial revolution and evolution. It is going to be the metaphorical energy source for modern businesses.,
Sachin is a Analytics consultant with about 10 years of professional experience for clients in Consulting ,Business Intelligence and Data analytics.  He has demonstrated excellence in building client relationships, translating business requirements into technology solutions, and conceptualising data visualisations and providing analytical solutions.  He is experienced in database design and architecture, ETL, Data integration, Data modelling for online transaction processing (OLTP), Data Conversion and Data warehouse Technologies. He has been applying his skills to design a scalable infrastructure to support standardized practice operations and processes for all aspects of data management: data ingestion, data transformation, data storing and classification.  He has a proven ability in implementing innovative solutions to meet complex business requirements.  Service Sector: Finance | Retail | Banking  Skills: MS SQL, DTS, SSIS
Reporting and Process Improvement Analyst with a solid grounding in the ian utilities industry Skills:  Data Modelling, Reporting, Visualisation and Analysis, SQL, Excel Power Reporting stack (Power Query/Pivot, Power BI and Tableau) Experience in Call Centre and Billing Invoicing and Credit Reporting, passion for providing innovation and developing ideas into workable solutions.,
Business Analyst/Data analyst with almost 7 years of experience and knowledge of creating intuitive reports by interpreting the raw data into meaningful information to improve business strategies and decisions. Expertise in a wide range of data analysis and visualization including MS BI Stack, Tableau, Power BI. Having sound knowledge of SDLC and STLC phases. Experience in ETL Informatica and Datawarehouse applications. A high-energy professional with very good analytical and problem-solving skills.,
I solve problems and build things, usually through programming, but sometimes not. I also write, teach and present ideas.   I run a blog at tomroth.com.au, mostly about data science.
A bright, talented and self-motivated leaner who prides himself on his willingness to undertake projects of his own choosing to better understand the industry. Excels at problem solving, logical thinking and patterns. Always relishes the opportunity to learn new skills and enhancing existing ones.
I have completed my MIS ( Master of Information Systems ) from Deakin University, Melbourne ia.  I have worked for almost 2 years as a Software Engineer in AtoS India, I have worked on various projects as a tester, developer as well as on support. I have also worked on a project as a team lead and have given KT (Knowledge and training) session to my subordinates on Basics of Java and .NET framework.  I have also worked with a non-pro fit organization, Saras.care, in Melbourne as an internee and have worked as Analyst Programmer Intern.  Currently I'm working in Woolworths, ia's one of the leading retailers, as a Front end Team member as well as Bakery Team Member from more than a year.  Previous to this, I have wokred with Marketing company XPO Brands and electicity / gas sales retail company Simply Energy.,
Data Analyst who has completed a Master's degree in Information Technology with a major in Data Analytics from University of Technology Sydney.   She has a strong technical background and an experience of working in the Retail Banking department of a world renowned Bank as a Software Engineer. She enjoys programming, working with databases and creating data visualizations using different tools. She has a passion for Data Science and loves to push herself to undertake new challenges.   Mrunmayi has a perfect blend of technical abilities, creative thinking and customer service skills that can empower businesses through effective decision-making.  Outside of work, Mrunmayi is a baking enthusiast who enjoys discussions on anything from Data Science, Artificial Intelligence to baking and travelling over a cup of coffee.
I have recently graduate in Master of applied statistics from Macquarie University. I am enthusiastic about using analytical and mathematical methods that can be used in real-world problems. Coming from mathematical background I believe correctly phrasing the question is the key to find the answer and I have tried to implemented this idea in my analysis.  I have experienced in programming in C/C++. However, I got introduced to R and Python and I got passionate about learning new packages. I enjoy programming in differentiate platform and I try to build models in either of them. In my free time besides working on opensource data sets, I enjoy learning in about new discoveries in different disciplines and I believe it has given inspiration through my life and career.    . https://github.com/GHALTAK
Data Scientist interested in the democratisation of Machine Learning and Data-driven challenges. Equipped with a demonstrated history of translating business problems into technical implementations, providing solutions to Supply Chain, Advertising, HR and Physics related problems using data visualisation, simulations, and Deep Learning techniques.,surisolnishko,
A technical specialist with 17 years of experience across multiple countries and industries. I have a proven track record in SAS and SQL development including solution design architecture and am looking to advance my career in an environment that uses the latest cutting edge technologies.,
data science professional with interest in predictive analytics, big data analytics, machine learning, text analytics and statistical modelling to solve interesting and novice business problems. Currently work to analyze customer journeys and pain points, make customers joyful by real-time analytics. Have hands on experience in Python, Pyspark, R, SQL and Excel.
Data Science Analyst with 2+ years of relevant experience in data field and 6+ years overall. Living in Singapore on Dependent Pass.  Worked as a Data Specialist/Business Analyst in DBS Bank and interned in Hewlett Packard Enterprise under data science team, graduated from Singapore Management University in Master's of IT in Business (Analytics) with 3.05 GPA (out of 4.0).  In my free time, I get my hands dirty on ML/DL and AI projects. Currently I am working in the field of NLP, image classification, computer vision and object detection.  Technical skills: R, Python (pandas, numpy, matplotlib, Keras, Tensorflow, NLTK, gensim), Tableau, Power BI
How much do I love food? I have curated a spreadsheet of approximately 1,000 food and beverage establishments in Singapore that I shared with a couple of hundred people around the world.  More importantly, I am a mental health and environment/sustainability activist who is most intrigued by neuroplasticity, growth, learning, finance, happiness, and vulnerability.  A highly driven and ambitious individual, who takes pride in responsibilities at hand. I am inquisitive, analytical, meticulous... and bubbly. Looking to go global!
I am passionate about technology and discovering new ideas with potential to grow businesses and help the development of people and the society.I am a creative and holistic thinker who is always open to ideas from others, but also able to use my own initiative. I have developed IT skills and soft skills such as teamwork, leadership, communication, coordination, complex problem solving, critical thinking, decision making, attention to detail and time management through various volunteer, extra-curricular activity and work experiences.
Aspiring statistical undergraduate who is unafraid to get his hands dirty and is hungry for a robust role to further improve critical analytic skill and gain insightful experience by putting theory into practice.,
data analyst, I get nosy with data. I assist clients in their decision-making process using their business data. This involves developing executive and operational dashboards in Tableau, customer profiling and segmentation, reporting, manipulating and analysing datasets, data audit and campaign analysis using tools such as SQL, R, Python, KNIME, Power BI and Microsoft Excel.  Over the span of my career, I have been exposed to different types of datasets and different industries ranging from gaming
Resourceful self-starter with data analysis experience. Trained Data Analytics Professional with experience in SAS, Tableau and Qlikview.  Completed training at SAS for the Business Intelligence and Analytics Program (This covers Programming, Data Mining, Statistical Analysis and Data Visualisation using the SAS Software Suite).    Previous Experience includes accounting, management reporting, data analysis and project management in a banking environment.
Tableau expert, big data analyst- specialisation in visual analytics, stats professional, Storyteller
Versatile tech professional with over a decade of experience in a variety of roles, including project management,  artificial intelligence, data analytics, and web application development.   A believer of ‘when you learn, teach. when you get, give’, I volunteer as a youth career guide, at technology conferences and hackathon,
As a reliable and communicative person with strong data skills, I am very proactive and enjoy finding solutions to complex business problems. I enjoy working with statistics and consider myself an intuitive, hard working and true team player.,
Banking technologies, Data science, Manchester United.,
I scrutinize information using data analysis tools. I pull from the raw data to help my employers or clients make important decisions by identifying v,Being a number person, data analytics is always a career path that I wish to pursue. Thanks to 2 years in Master of Analytics at RMIT, I have developed solid data analysis skills as well as a sound understanding of data science concepts. Graduated with Distinction, I can confidently apply these knowledge to a wide variety of different problems and contexts as well as analyse and interpret important findings and insights meaningfully for stakeholders. My particular interest is in analysing time series data, detecting anomalous patterns and forecasting over short and long time periods.  SKILLS •	Frame the problem •	Collect, process and explore data using advanced Excel, R, SAS, SQL or Python •	Perform in-depth analysis with time series, machine learning •	Communicate data through reports, data visualisation using basic or dynamic charts, dashboards with ggplot2, Plot.ly
Specialties: Synergetic Management System, Workday, Sharepoint, SQL Server, T-SQL, Crystal Report, PowerBI, Azure, AWS, Office 365
An analyst with an interest in everything ranging from data science to music. I seek opportunities that push me to learn new skills and meet people that can expand my view. 
A data science enthusiast who likes to derive meaningful insights from data according to the business need. Completed M.Tech in Knowledge Engineering from NUS-ISS. During coursework did various projects on analytics and data mining. Previous work experience in data cleaning, transformation and analytics.
Technical skills  • Data manipulation: SAS system, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, SQLite, Oracle SQL, PostgreSQL • Web development: C# .Net, JavaScript, PHP, Laravel, Blade,  RESTful web services, HTML, CSS
Data geek keen to enable data-driven decision making through quality reporting and analytics for stakeholders. I am currently working with geo- spatial data, developing a product at Propella to help businesses make decisions in property market.  Key skills: • R programming, Python, Javascript, SQL, React,D3js, HTML and CSS • Azure for data storage. • Shiny app for creating dashboard to visualise and get insights. 
I am a data analyst and researcher with diverse technical, analytical and communication skills and a passion for problem-solving.  Skilled in Critical Thinking, designing Algorithms, Machine Learning, SQL, SAS, R, Python, IBM Watson, Tableau. Strong IT professional with a Master's degree focused in Analytics from Deakin University.
With 5+ years experience in developing data-driven solutions in Data Warehouse and BI (Business Intelligence) environment including ： Data Warehousing, BI Reporting, Data Analysis, etc.   Tech Skills Sets: Data Warehousing: Teradata, Oracle, MS SQL Server BI: Cognos, Tableau, SAP BO Dashboards, SSRS Database: MySQL, Sybase
I came from various backgrounds, including automotive, aerospace, composite materials, and data analytics. Years of involvement in the many industries does not make me a specialist nor skilled at one particular field. It teaches me how to solve problems and understand situations deeper than anyone else. I might not move at lightning pace, but I prefer to accelerate with knowledge rather than anything else. I am all ears when it comes to problem solving and looking forward to help others.,Ir_Ayen,
A Finance and Investment Banking student.  Self-driven and motivated to be a fund manager. Seeking to obtain a challenging position in a dynamic and fast paced professional office environment, where my skills will add value to organizational operations.  Constantly participating in educational extra-curricular activities like “Young Investment Banker Weekend” by InvestIN and ‘Professional Trading Masterclass (PTM)’ by Institute of Trading and Portfolio Management to keep up with the best in the industry.,
Partnering banks to accelerate their Data, Analytics and AI digital transformation journey through adopting future-proof platforms that provide the foundation for innovation in creating hyper-personalised customer experiences and efficient operational processes.
Worked in Different sectors successfully with a great attention to detail and Interpersonal skills.. Love to learn emerging analysis tools.   Operations coordinator with more than one year of experience in order processing, business management and computer services who worked closely with the business team and monitored the accuracy of business process ordering from implementation to execution.,
A Data Analyst with masters Research degree and experience. It is always good to engage with new people, building up great connectivity network. In summary, an entertaining science nerd who is thirsty for more knowledge and skills!,
A highly passionate data analytics professional who advocates for using data science to deliver meaningful insights that drive business decisions and actions. Well versed in Statistical Modelling, Machine Learning (ML), Predictive Modelling, Data Mining, SQL, etc. Zeinab has strong analytical skills with a Doctor of Philosophy in engineering with years of professional experience in applying data science solutions in diverse industries. She is an effective communicator who can translate complicated ideas into simple concepts. Loves learning and researching new topics. She is also familiar with big data technologies, e.g. Hadoop and Spark as well as data warehousing.,
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit. - Aristotle  A 2018 graduate from Singapore Management University, having completed my Bachelor's degree in Economics and Analytics, I am passionately interested and working as an interlocutor in cross-functional roles involving the data analytics, economic development strategies and climate policy. In the past, I have been involved in academic research on agrarian and rural poverty, plastic waste disposal and management, education policy and other public sectors.  I am presently co-authoring a paper with Dr. John Donaldson, titled “Exploitation, Power and Choice: an economic modelling of exploitative conditions in monopoly labour markets in developing countries” looking into adapting traditional economic labour model to capture choiceless-ness as a cause for exploitative circumstances.  I find fields and studies that explore the intersection of technology and policy - and use data-powered approaches to understand the areas that are at the forefront of how our world is changing - to be the best way to find the best path forward.  The world is progressively growing increasingly complicated and apathetic. We are inundated with causes, concerns and a chronic anxiety seems to pervade our society. In this age, the more I am exposed to our options for the future, the more I am convinced that there is an obvious need for smarter kaizen-solutions
I am Data Enthusiast with 4 years of relevant experience with a blend of both IT and business. I am interested in providing solutions to the business by implementing data analysis methods, machine learning algorithms and also passionate in unearthing insights from data that drive business towards success.  I also hold a Master’s Degree in Data Science and Analytics(Knowledge Engineering) from National University of Singapore (NUS). I have also interned with Scoot Airlines as a Data Science Intern with the BI team and have successfully created a Customer Segmentation Model. Adding to it I have had an experience of 2.9 years in TCS India where I worked in Banking and Financial Services (BFS) for Morgan Stanley where my work was involved in exploring, collecting and analysing the application data and providing solutions to resolve the issues faced by the Financial Advisors in the Wealth Management department of the bank.  My current interest and experiences are in: Data Analysis (end to end), Customer Analytics,  - Analytical methods: statistical modelling (e.g., linear regression, time series), supervised machine learning (e.g., random forests, neural networks), unsupervised methods(e.g., K-Means, segmentation/clustering), text mining
I have 3+ years of experience as a System Administrator/ Helpdesk at Accenture, Philippines. My professional experience includes diagnosing and addressing network issues, maintaining the highest level of network security and educating users on the latest system updates.
I am versatile, focused and detail oriented with extensive Data analysis and implementation consultancy (TOGAF 9 certified) experience in Information Technology solutions. Solid career professional with proven track record of delivering results and building relationships with stakeholders at various levels.  Knowledgeable and with demonstrable experience in the following: ,	SCRUM Agile Methodology ,	Waterfall Software Development Life Cycle ,	User Experience (UX) design using Balsamiq  ,	Business Process Modelling using UML, Use Case and Data Flow Diagram ,	SQL query and database schema ,	TFS Visual Studio, Jira and Confluence ,	Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Word) ,	XML / XSD / XSLT ,	HTML, CSS and JavaScript ,	SSRS, SSSIS and Power BI
Curious individual who loves looking into loop holes and blockages of a system within the company. Subsequently, go crazy over data driven analysis towards developing sustainable solutions.
I got fascinated when talking about big data distributed system and architecture designScikit-Learn Contributor || Deep Learning Researcher || Data Science || Statistical Machine Learning || Reinforcement Learning || Business Intelligence || Algorithm Optimization || AI in Finance,
Interested in data science, machine learning, and computer vision. - Proficient in Python, SQL, R, C++, Spark, statistical modeling, optimization.  - Actively looking for research opportunities in machine learning.,
Hustler | Data | Hacks.  I have always loved to challenge the conventional - right from initiating an Entrepreneurship Cell in IIT Jodhpur to starting something of my own. I co-founded Startify (now acquired), which was an online incubator that aimed to help budding startups grow.  Having gained the invaluable experience of growing a company, I now love helping other startups to brainstorm.  In the last four years getting introduced to the world of data, I have grown to believe that it has the power to spark and drive change. After my graduation, I worked with SocialCops (now Atlan) where I helped the Indian government take data-driven decisions.  Currently, I am pursuing MS Analytics (Computational Data) at Georgia Tech. I interned with PayPal as a risk data scientist this summer where I worked on identifying fraudulent wallet update actions.  In my spare time, you will either find me listening to a podcast, reading a book or travelling somewhere. I passionately blog about everything about life at achyutjoshi.github.io  Feel free to ping me anytime, even if it just for a Hi!,achyutjosh1995
Experienced Quantitative Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in Microsoft Excel, Stata, Microsoft Word, Data Analysis, and Data Science. Strong finance professional with a Master’s Degree focused in Statistics from Harvard University.
Data Science Professional interested in leveraging her past experiences in applied analytics,  cognitive transformation, and client relations to pursue a career at the nexus of data science, AI ethics and policy, and technology,
Deep Learning, Reinforcement Learning, Machine Learning, NLP.
MS Analytics candidate at Georgia Tech with over 2 years of experience in behavioral analytics, strategy management, and finance - in leading technology firms and acclaimed research labs.   Seeking opportunities for roles in Analytics and Data Science.   Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.) from IIT Gandhinagar - focused in Mechanical Engineering with a minor in Management.
I am interested in helping organizations and people improve their decision-making processes through data.  Skills: Proficient in Python, Java, R, SQL. Experience with Hadoop (MapReduce), JavaScript, D3, A/B Testing,Spark, AWS, Tableau, Unix, ElasticSearch.  I am currently enrolled in the MS in Analytics program at Northwestern University and have completed several projects with real world data sets using machine learning and data science techniques such as deep learning, social network analysis, predictive modeling, unsupervised learning, data visualization and MapReduce (big data).  Additionally, I have strong programming and communication skills. I graduated from NTU Singapore with a degree in Computer Engineering and worked in Goldman Sachs as a software engineer for 3+ years.   GitHub which contains code samples from Analytics class projects: https://github.com/apurvaa7,
I am an experienced Data Scientist and Software Engineer who loves learning new things and helping others succeed. A few of my interests span the fields of machine learning, deep learning, econometrics, applied math, distributed systems, cloud computing, computer vision, time series forecasting, A/B testing and natural language processing. Please don't hesitate to drop me a message and say hi!     My data science portfolio: https://github.com/superli3    Languages: Python, R, SQL, Java, Bash  Libraries: NumPy, Pandas, Statsmodels, Matplotlib, Seaborn
I recently graduated from the University of California, Berkeley with a Masters degree in Information Management Systems. Beginning June 2020, I will be joining Microsoft as a Machine Learning Engineer in the C+AI Security team.  My areas of interest are computer security and machine learning. Most of my projects have involved tackling problems like log file anomaly detection, malware detection, spam, fraud, phishing, abuse and misinformation detection. I have a strong command over Python as well as deep learning frameworks like PyTorch, TensorFlow and Keras.,
Data Scientist with expertise in statistical analysis, data visualization, machine learning and software development. Lifetime learner of the state-of-the-art technologies in obtaining data insights with diversified data stream and computing algorithms.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of extracting actionable insights from massive amounts of data. Skilled in Machine Learning, Statistical Modeling, Data Visualization, Python, and R. Strong Data Science professional with a Bachelor’s Degree focused in Mathematics from University of Oxford.,
A creative problem-solver passionate about quantitative methods, data analytics, visualization, and machine learning. •	Recognized for ability to tackle analytical challenges with sociological expertise and data science tools. •	Skilled in Python, R, SQL, Tableau (Certified Associate), Excel/VBA, Stata, and MATLAB.  Feel free to connect with me on Linkedin. If you ever want to bounce ideas off me,
Skilled at data analysis with SQL, Python and R;  Solid foundation in statistics and machine learning algorithms including Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, KNN, Decision Tree, Random Forest, Boosting, SVM,  PCA, NMF, Time Series, Naive Bayes, Neural Networks etc.;  Familiarity with Hadoop, Spark and other big data tools;  Proficient in Python, R, SQL, Java, Javascript
Proficient in statistics, machine learning and deep learning techniques(A/B test, regression, classification, clustering, CNN, RNN, LSTM)  • Analytic projects and kaggle competitions using LightGBM, XGBoost, and DNN for predictions and fraud/anomaly detection • Hand-on experience with data ETL process and cloud computing • Integrated knowledge in Accounting, financial modeling and Statistics  • Excellent communication skills with ability to cooperate and excel new tasks fast .
I work in Amazon supply chain experimentation and causal inference.
Experience in providing solution design/ implementation/ solution pre-sales support/ customer and partner training as well as professional solution consulting services;  Act as a major solution consultant to perform technical consultation/ sales support/ technical training on advance data analysis including data sciences/ artificial intelligence solution: with the hands-on solid experiences on machine learning/ deep learning/ business Intelligence/ planning budgeting and OLAP analysis/ data integration/Analytic Customer Relationship Management Solution/ Big Data …etc projects for software/ clouds solution vendor such as Microsoft/ Teradata/ IBM/ SAS...etc;  Experiences on pre-sales support and solutions consultant help for the solution selling process, requirement study and deliver the industries/ domain specify solution project;  Strong technical and communicating experience of previous working through doing +15 years in IT industry.
I graduated from the Masters program in Mechanical Engineering: Robotics at Stanford University in 2012, and have been working in tech ever since. First on UCS and virtual switches for Cisco, then on the Data Science/Analytics team at Yammer, to the Science team at Twitch, the Data Science Team at Metromile, leading the Product Data Science team at Twitter, to being Senior Director of Data Science at Tubi.tv until the Fox acquisition, and now leading Data Science for Facebook's Ads Manager product/app. My undergraduate degree was also from Stanford, in Engineering Physics with a specialization in Electromechanical Systems, and I had numerous internships working in the technology field including as a software engineering intern at Tesla Motors, and as a program manager at Microsoft's Office division.  Outside of work, I am very interested in national security, medicine and medical practice, and the economy. I play competitive sand volleyball in my spare time and bake bread.,
Certified Digital Analyst by University of British Columbia • Certified Google Analytics Individual (GAIQ) and Google Tag Manager (GTM) by Google  • Certified in Adobe Analytics (Omniture) Reports and Analytics, Data Warehouse and DTM  A Data Scientist with strong focus on Web Analytics to inform business intelligence and development. Comprehensive knowledge and experience with BI and Dashboarding tools (SQL, Tableau), statistical modeling and data mining (R, Python, SPSS, Excel), web analytics (Google Analytics, Adobe Omniture Site Catalyst), Ad tech operations (media, web and mobile app tag management).  I have 5 years of working experience in Mobile/Digital Marketing, focusing on audience research (Nielsen, ComScore and eMarketer) and profiling, campaign reporting and analytics, website and media A/B testing.  I also have a passion for graphic design. Having trained at the School of Visual Arts in NYC, I usually take graphic design concept in my data visualizations.,garymu
Interested in Machine Learning, Quantitative research and Predictive Analytic roles.  Currently a data science Manager, Zhen has seven years' experiences in Machine Learning Model, Marketing Mix Model, Econometric return on investment, Customer-centric precision targeting and Marketing Optimizing Strategy in Fortune 20 businesses across Pharmaceutical, Telecom, Retail, and Consumer Packaging Goods industries.   Specialties: Machine Learning Model, Statistical analysis, Predictive modeling, Forecasting, Segmentation, Clustering, Python ,SAS Programming, R, Matlab and VBA.  Interested in expanding into the Financial Services industry.,
I specialized in data wrangling, data analysis and data visualization. My projects range from US Open Tennis tournament to McGraw-hill's digital platform. Some of my work can be accessed from http://mengyingli.github.io/  I am currently working as a Data Science manager at Ads Products team (including video ads, lead ads and ads for events) in Facebook
I believe in building a future where people can live meaningfully because of technology. I'm passionate about consumer tech, especially those that enable people to unleash their talent, positivity and love for others and communities.  I love products in early stage, where I can add the most value defining and driving the vision, consumer experience, and business impact.,
Experienced data scientist with a successful track record driving operational and strategic excellence. Skilled in Machine Learning, Advanced SQL, Python, Data Architecture, Statistical Analysis, and Visualization.,
Undergraduate student at UC Berkeley majoring in Economics and Computer Science. Knowledgeable in advanced analytics and machine learning, cryptographic security, and concurrency. Experienced in R, Python, Go, Java, and C. Graduating August 2020 and seeking new grad SWE roles with start dates in Q4 2020/Q1 2021.,YongqiG
Engineer, scientist, and manager able to lead the design and development of next generation software, hardware, and big data products.  Specialties:  Management: Team, Personnel, Technical, Software/Hardware Product Management Engineering: algorithmic development, software design and engineering, system design (SW, FW, FPGA, ASIC, PCB), high performance computing using GPUs (CUDA) and FPGAs Data: big data pipelines, statistics, visualization, metrics and KPIs
Make software better with machine learning,atveit,
I'm a data science lead working with a team of data scientists and engineers to solve hard problems in computer vision (for oil and gas scenarios) and natural language processing (global languages) using deep learning.,sharat_sc
Technologist by trade, philosopher at heart crafting the art of storytelling. Programmer of databases, mobile/web apps, VR/AR, IoT Hardware, NLP/AI, OS/GPU systems, functional logic proofs, cloud infra, algorithm trading, blockchain consensus, data visualization, probabilistic planning and deep learning. Academic researcher in PhD Computer Vision, Reinforcement Learning and Autonomy.  Interested in the science of building AI and ventures, with experience in disruptive startups, global business and product strategy. Resilient trailblazer with a knack for strategy
Proficient Senior Data Scientist with rich experience in shipping high impact scalable Machine Learning solutions across Banking/Finance, Insurance, E-commerce, Technology, CPG (Beverages) ,Airlines, Retail and Pharmacy/Health Care. Over the tenure of 7 years, played an active role in operationalizing advance analytics/machine learning solutions across various business domains for leading Fortune 50 companies. Highly adept in translating complex business problems into actionable insights and recommendations and building confidence of the clients by helping them adopt data driven decision-making to drive value and efficiency.  Strong proponent of Research and Innovation across every team I am part of. Passionate about everything Machine Learning, AI, Data Science and Problem Solving. Commended frequently by Clients, Senior Leadership, Managers for going an extra mile and giving them confidence about the solution and the rigor. Communication, Cross-functional team collaboration, Confidence, mentoring and leadership skills are my key strengths.  Technical Skills:  End to End Process Automation using Advance Machine learning/AI with rich experience in Distributed Deep Learning (Computer Vision), Real time analytics Prediction systems, Big Data (Hadoop and Spark) 
Hello,  I am a Bill Gates scholar and a recent Stanford University graduate who studied computer science. I have profound interests in backend development, parallel programming, fullstack, cloud services, bioinformatics/health, research, business, technology, social impact, and education.   I am looking for awesome opportunities and networking events in any career path. Feel free to send me a message to connect more! Favorite personal coding projects:  - Gene sequence alignment (Python) - Heap allocator (C) - Thread pool (C++) - Tetris game for Android (Java/Android Studio) - User terminal shell using multiprocessing (C++) - Sentence Auto Corrector (NLP/Python) - SQL database and Redis cache projects (Python/Javascript) - MapReduce (C++) - Naive Bayes, Bayes with Laplace Smoothing, Stochastic gradient descent, CSPs, Logistic Regression, and other AI projects (Python),
A data science veteran passionate about solving real life challenges by conducting analytical research with rigorous yet creative approaches. Built and managed a data science team of 40 data scientists and engineers who supported the business intelligence operations and data science technology innovations of a billion  scale finance institute. Currently leading the Facebook APP Monetization Data Science team supporting the quality, ranking and delivery of Facebook advertisement.
Experienced Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Research interests in Machine Learning, Neural Network, Reinforcement Learning, and Signal Processing. Skilled in Apache Spark, R, Python, C++, Java, Hadoop (Pig Latin). Strong research professional with a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University.,
Data Science, Marketing Analytics, Mobile and Product Analytics, Marketplace Analytics, Statistical Learning, Data Mining, Program Management, Cross-functional Leadership
Helping strategic customers at Google to execute their most challenging Smart Analytics workloads in the cloud. •	Co-founder of Data Reply UK, former Associate Partner and Director in Consulting, delivering Scalable Machine Learning and Data Analytics platforms, primarily in cloud. •	Big Data Architect and Data Scientist in FS and Retail - Big Data and Advanced Analytics experience improving Customer and Business Intelligence, Fraud detection and Risk management - Scalable Machine Learning using Apache Spark MLlib and TensorFlow training Unsupervised and Supervised models, experience also with noSQL and Big Data/Hadoop technologies for advanced analytics. •	Performance Test manager with experience on Cloud-based or on-premises solutions. •	Strong problem solving, end-to-end delivery, project management and leadership skills in multi-site and distributed work involving multi-cultural workforces.,Dsdinter,
I study Computer Science at Columbia University with a focus on Machine Learning and will graduate in December, 2019. I did my undergraduate from IIT Kharagpur and hold two years of work experience in data science, research and development roles.,
Sampling strategies for needle-in-haystack
I'm a third-year (20 y/o) student at Bengal College of Engineering and Technology, Durgapur pursuing B.Tech. in Information Technology. Being a technology enthusiast, I love to explore new technologies and leverage them to solve real-life problems.  Day to day learner and competitive programmer with a desire to solve complex problems by leveraging technology.     Actively Looking for a Summer Internship with full-time Employment in the Product Base or Service Based Company.  Full-Stack Developer and Data Scientist with 2 years + of hands-on experience in Analysis, Development and Implementation with Solid programming Expertise in C/C++, Python, Java, Object Oriented Methodology with demonstrated history of working in the Internet Industry.  
Neelam has 4 years of experience in solving diverse business problems primarily across pharmaceutical, legal and electrical utility domains by implementing machine learning and natural language processing techniques. With the objective of making artificial intelligence solutions more accessible and available to the business world, she is currently pursuing a Master's in Data Science to fortify her own understanding in the growing field of data science, digitization, and intelligent systems.
Ze Jin is a fifth-year PhD Candidate in Statistics at Cornell University, with Minor in Computer Science. He is interested in Time Series, High-dimensional Statistics, and Non-parametric Statistics.
I am a polymath excited about the things that could be with data. The intersection of policy and data science is the most exciting place for improving the quality of life. My insatiable intellectual curiosity drives me to ask and answer complex questions. I love problem solving! It isn't an accident that I have have degrees in law (JD and licensed in CA), computer science/machine learning, and statistics. My dream is to innovate on behalf of humanity for the greater good but alas marketplaces are not optimized for those things. I have worked in the public, nonprofit, and private sectors. I am open to new ideas and ways to get closer to my ideal vocation.     Interested in remote only opportunities.  Technology Stack: Python, R, Spark, Scala, AWS, Hadoop, MongoDB, Tableau, Looker, PowerBI, Mixpanel, Google Analytics 
I work at the intersection of consumer data and tech to build machine learning systems to help customers. I also write about effective data science, productivity, and growth (https://eugeneyan.com/writing/).   Currently, I’m an Applied Scientist at Amazon helping users read more, and get more out of reading.  Previously, I led the data science team at Lazada (acquired by Alibaba in 2016) on e-commerce ML systems (e.g., ranking, automation, fraud detection, etc). Other domains I’ve worked in include healthcare (early disease detection, price prediction) and people ops (demand forecasting, job recommendations).  I enjoy:  • Shipping data and ML systems (end-to-end) to help customers and deliver results • Engaging with business to define (the right) problems, deliverables, and outcomes • Mentoring data practitioners to build high-performing teams and grow the industry • Writing and speaking about effective data science, productivity, growth (eugeneyan.com)  I love email and quick chats (https://calendly.com/eugeneyan/quick-chat)–reach out!,eugeneyan
Jason Keung is an experienced Data Engineer/Data Scientist that specializes in Python and SQL. He is seeking networking opportunities within the data engineering and data science industries.   Balancing his acumen and technical skills, Jason has both collaborated with cross-functional teams and individually facilitated client work sessions to translate business requirements into process and technology components. Jason has experienced the entire System Development Life Cycle and has actively demonstrated his ability to learn and implement new technologies, improve processes, troubleshoot issues, and mentor others.   Specialties include: Data Warehousing, Data Pipelines, Data Modeling and Design, SQL, Python, Machine Learning, Predictive Analytics, Data Science  Jason has a M.S. with Georgia Institute of Technology OMSCS in Machine Learning and has also contributed to some of his favorite open source projects.
Experience in data science, machine learning, data engineering, and strategy in digital industries • Comfortable with a broad range of responsibilities (anything from advising executives on long-term strategy to fixing small bugs in data pipelines) • Native in English; fluent in Japanese, Chinese, and Korean • Passionate about big data, machine learning, and team-building  Specialties:  • Extracting insights from imperfect data despite uncertainty • Big data (analysis/visualization w/ SQL, R, Python, and JavaScript) • Smartphone ecosystems • Online advertising • Digital content • Mobile gaming • International collaboration • Managing cultural differences in East Asia,peacej,
I have conducted end-to-end projects, which include identify key metrics, process/clean data (SQL, Python), analyze data, create dashboards (Sisense, Tableau), and provide business insights. I analyzed data using statistical analysis through A/B Testing, exploratory data analysis, and predictive models in Python.  , Data Analysis: A/B Testing, Dashboard (Sisense, Tableau), Statistical models, Exploratory analysis , Programming: SQL, Python (NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Sklearn
An applied practicing statistician with strong data intuition, well-rounded training and a solid understanding of various statistical methods, research experience combining ideas from survey sampling, causal inference, machine learning and hierarchical Bayesian models in generating robust solutions from disparate data sources in complex and data-rich settings, hands-on experience in analyzing challenging data, ranging from publicly available administrative records to sensitive confidential national health surveys, using various computing and statistical tools and flexible mindset communicating with non-statisticians in academic scientific and business settings    Experience: clinical trials, survey sampling; bias correction; complex surveys; non-probability samples; propensity score; (multilevel regression) post-stratification; raking; missing data; multiple imputation; design and analysis of experiments; sequential experimentation and adaptive design; causal inference; online surveys; data visualization  Modeling: robust Bayesian hierarchical/multi-level models; regularized regression; shrinkage estimation; (soft) Bayesian additive regression trees (BART); applied machine learning; random forests; boosting and ensemble learning; Bayesian penalized splines; generalized additive models (GAM); stratified splines; applied survival analysis  Programming: 6+ years in R, 4+ years in Stan, 3+ years in SAS, 20+ CLs on Google cider/critique, shell script   Data Management/Visualization: tidyverse (readr, dplyr, tidyr, ggplot2), data.table, GoogleSQL  Documentation: LaTeX
Senior Machine Learning Scientist and Manager on Amazon Comprehend Medical building entity extraction, relation extraction, transfer learning, multi task learning, active learning and attribute prediction using unstructured clinical data.  My current research interests are using Deep Learning and Machine Learning for Natural Language Processing  such as for Character Embedding, Morphological Inflections to better represent language and enhance the current systems related  to Named Entity, Relation Extraction, Normalization, Coreference resolution, Conversation Models, Chat Bots, Language Modeling , Machine Translation related tasks .  Making machines intelligent and understand language the way we do. Building User Models, User Graphs, Feed Personalization and other language understanding components.   Here is my recent Project on Personalizing ChatBots/ Conversational Models using social graphs  for published in NIPS 2017.   Improving Hospital Mortality Prediction with Medical Named Entities and Multimodal Learning  End-to-end Joint Entity Extraction and Negation Detection for Clinical Text  Dynamic Transfer Learning for Named Entity Recognition,ParryBhatia243
A software engineer focusing on front end development.,
Hands-on data science and engineering lead.   Specialties: building and running data science and engineering teams, shipping machine learning models to production systems, moving business metrics, business thought leadership.  Areas: search and recommendation systems, data mining, machine learning algorithms, statistics, freelancer marketplaces, crowdsourcing, advertising, natural language processing (NLP), information retrieval, ranking, analytics.,ppapadim,
Passionate about uncovering and telling the stories behind data, assessing and improving impact performance, understanding processes and behaviors.   I am fascinated by the feedback loop through which data taken from the world can be analyzed and used to develop new products, in turn affecting behaviors in the world, and thus changing the data that is collected thereafter.
Natural Language Understanding at Amazon Alexa
Aspiring Technologist || Specializations: Machine Learning, Data Science, Signal Processing, Networking, Wireless Communications,thampiman,
Data Science and Engineering hands-on executive.  Previously: VP Data Science at Upwork, Stanford CS Alumni, Intern at Microsoft Research, Yahoo Research.,yantonellis
I'm a recent Brown and Columbia graduate, now a data scientist at IBM’s Chief Analytics Office, researcher at an MIT-IBM AI Lab group, and occasional contributor, mostly of reviews, to Time Out Croatia.  Always looking for opportunities to apply empirical thinking for fun social science research projects and impact in the social sector or public policy.
Strategic technology and business leader with 15+ years of experience developing and commercializing advanced technology across industry verticals. Expertise in designing, developing, and productizing full-stack technologies (ML/AI, scalable architectures, and IT service excellence management). Proven RandD leadership scaling innovative solutions to millions of users and thousands of customers.  Specialties: data science, machine learning, artificial intelligence, product management, financial modeling, predictive analytics, blockchain, technology strategy
I am a computer scientist and philosopher by training and a technologist by trade. I care about people first, technology second.   With formal backgrounds in philosophy and engineering, my research spans the domains of Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) and Artificial Intelligence (AI). The common denominator in my work is the human-centered approach. Published in peer-reviewed settings, I design and create technology that are explainable, ethical, and encultured motivated by complex technical problems analyzed through the sociotechnical and cultural dimensions.  I love creating things, be it software or hardware, and am a holistic coder-designer. Going beyond the algorithm and code, I focus on issues such as human-computer interaction, values in design, postcolonial computing issues, and ethics of system deployment and creation.,UpolEhsan,
An upcoming analytics professional with an interdisciplinary approach towards problem-solving.  My business analytics exposure has been in the online payment risk fraud detection and mitigation for B2B and consumers at Amazon, online advertising domain with a focus on sales and marketing, demand and supply analytics, and insights management.  My strengths: 1) Carry out the end-to-end process of understanding, synthesize data and generate strong business insights 2) Analyze large datasets and create process flows and solutions that serve long-term business need 3) Strong business acumen while working closely with clients enabling them to take data driven decisions  Recognized for successfully delivering solutions/projects under strict deadlines, maintaining high quality.  I prefer to work in an innovative and competitive environment which will help me to enhance my skills and problem solving capabilities, and also gives me an opportunity to learn new things and explore other business domains.,
I graduated from Stanford University with a B.S. and M.S. in Computer Science, focusing on artificial intelligence and human computer interaction. My interests lie in the intersection of technology and business, and I enjoy machine learning, natural language processing, data mining, universal design, accessibility and assistive technologies. My past experience includes internships at IBM Research, Microsoft and Uber, as well as research experience with Stanford HCI group.  I am passionate about using technology to bring about positive change, and have worked on several projects and initiatives over the years to empower people with disabilities. I founded project STEMAccess in 2013 that provides resources, support and mentorship for blind math and science students in India. In 2017, I alongwith some other blind math and science students in India launched I-Stem (inclusivestem.org) that expands on this work, focusing on advocacy and research to enhance STEM accessibility. This has now evolved in an edtech organization focused on developing assistive technology to empower students and professionals with disabilities. In 2016, I also co-founded an award-winning social venture NextBillion.org, a mentorship program for students with disabilities interested in tech. So far, we have completed over 85 mentorships across 10 countries.  In recognition of my technical skills and social initiatives, I've been honored with several national and international awards and scholarship including the Queen's Young Leaders Award 2016 presented by Her Majesty the Queen (60 young leaders from across 53 commonwealth countries)
A data scientist is better at statistics than any developer and better at developing than any statistician   I am an industrial engineer-Option Finance and passionate about Machine Learning, Data Analysis and Python and R development. I am passionate about data science and its applications. For me the next revolution will be with and by the data. 
Junior Data Scientist with Masters degree in Computer Science with 2+ years of experience in creating and developing machine learning models in NLP and time series prediction. Dedicated to new challenges, adaptable to different situations and culture, with strong organizational skills. Passionate about machine learning and love broadening knowledge by taking part in meetings, conferences, hackathons and online courses regarding this field.
Predictive Models,
Currently working as Data Scientist in one of the largest e-commerce companies in India - Flipkart. Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore graduate in Machine Learning with internship and master thesis from Microsoft Research Lab, India.
A Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in data oriented projects and dealing with multiple layers of a datawarehouse or a data lake while utilizing analytical and machine learning solution to extract value from data and develop data driven solutions to multiple business problems.
A Data Scientist Engineer passionate about cutting edge technology and solving real world problems with previous experience in mobile apps, data analysis, machine learning and big data
Data and tech enthusiast, I'm keen on developing innovative solutions that rely on the available data to bring value to the final user.
Grew up as a software engineer, then experienced as a 'Cloud Infrastructure' and 'Automation Server' Analyst for a worldwide IT consulting services company where I learned professional skills and faced business challenges.  Now I'm a happy Data Scientist and Pythonist. I'm keen on finding relations between data and their implications.  You can find me where there is a job that needs to be done well.   Expertise: • Data Cleaning and Analysis • Exploratory Data Visualization • Machine Learning Algorithms • Research, Reports and Forecasts • Big Data Queries and Interpretation • Predictive Modeling • APIs and Web Scraping • Probability and Statistics,
I recently graduated from Microsoft AI School. After One year of work experience as a data scientist at Total, I am determined to find a data engineer position. I am currently preparing Google data engineer Certification. I am able to work under pressure and to built strong relation with customers thanks to my previous experiences in sale and cost controlling.,
Over 7+ years of experience in data science building end to end data science solutions using R, Python, SQL and Tableau by leveraging machine learning based algorithms, Statistical Modeling, Data Mining, Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Data Visualization •	Experienced with a range of data analysis techniques such as linear regression, random forest, clustering, boosting, Factor analysis, supervised and unsupervised learning etc. •	Experience building user-centric analytics, statistical definition of the outlier, and developed methods to systematically identify these outliers. Worked out why such examples are outliers and defined if any actions needed •	Expert knowledge in breadth of machine learning algorithms and love to find the best approach to a specific problem. Implemented several supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms such as Ensemble Methods (Random forests), Logistic Regression, Regularized Linear Regression, SVMs, Deep Neural Networks, Extreme Gradient Boosting
MCP | MCSA | Technical Speaker | Blogger | Tech Evangelist | Developer| Explorer
Analytics/data science generalist with experience in data engineering, data warehouse design, product analytics, data science and product management in the highly competitive mobile gaming industry.,
A thorough and meticulous Data Scientist passionate about improving processes by interpreting and analyzing data to drive successful business solutions.   A post graduate from The London School of Economics with a specialization in Data Science.
Learning and applying new skills in big data analytics and machine learning.
I am a business analyst turned data scientist who is passionate about solving business problems by data-driven approaches.,
Well rounded software developer and Machine Learning enthusiast, pursuing Masters in Computer Science with Big Data specialization, with over 2 years of extensive hands-on experience in the development of Microsoft Dynamics 365 and strong expertise in building advanced Machine Learning Models at Microsoft India Pvt Ltd.
Data scientist,
More than 20 years of experience in information technology area.  • Machine Learning for Predictive Analysis using Naïve Bays, Random Forest • Deep Learning for Classification and Clustering using Neural Networks. • BI Analysis, DB Modeling, ETL System and Dashboards Design. . More than 3 years working with Windows Azure Cloud Computing using BI Systems.  • I´ve 5 years of experience working like database support engineer, worked during 3 years with Business Intelligence technology and 3 years with DB Cloud Technology. . More than 4 years working like Technical Leader in Business Intelligence Area.  SUMMARY OF PLATFORMS, SOFTWARE AND TOOLS  Methodologies -  Project Management Methodology , P.M.I. – Project Management Institute - Systems Development Methodology , R.U.P. (Rational Unified Process)  - Methodology of Scientific Research.,   Modeling Languages and Systems Analysis Techniques - U.M.L. (Object Analysis), - D.F.D., D.E.R. (Structured Analysis), - Function Point   Software of Control Versions  - Source Safe, CVS, SubVersion  Software for Project Management - Microsoft Project  Software for C.A.S.E.: - Microsoft Visio,  Enterprise Architect (E.A.) - Erwin, Borland Together, ER Studio (Embarcadero) - Rational Rose, System Architect  Programming Languages - JAVA JSE -  C    Operational Systems - Windows (XP, 2000 Professional
Experienced Microsoft Specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Strong information technology professional working towards a Master's Degree in Computing and Data Analytics.
I am Brandan Davey. An educator. A computer scientist. A world traveller.   As a passionate data scientist and proud millennial, I take pride in developing machine learning programs that will change the way our children are taught and extend the arms of education across the globe. With the advent of AI and quantum computation, I believe that the education industry needs to adapt to face the changing landscape of how students like to learn. My life is devoted to assisting the industry to take on this challenge and to make the best of it by enhancing the education experience.
I'm a Data Scientist from Kathmandu, Nepal. Currently, involved in Clinical Data Science to explore, manipulate and produce reproducible research and output. Also, like solve real world problem using data science and machine learning.  I have background of both Python and R programming.  Besides that, I'm also familiar with Microsoft Products like PowerBI, Azure Machine Learning.  I've knowledge of data with following skills :  - Data Import / Clean - Data Manipulation / Visualisation - Data Products : Analytics Dashboards (R / Shiny) - Machine Learning : Predictive Analytics (Intermediate),bjungbogati,
Data Scientist Artefact - Skilled in digital marketing, CRM and emailing  - Master in Management at EMLYON Business School: http://on.ft.com/159Nowq - Good knowledge of Adobe Photoshop.
Final year Ph.D. student at the National University of Singapore working in the area of Deep Learning architectures, Reinforcement Learning and Incremental Learning. Gained rich industrial experience working on applications of ML.,
I'm working as Data Scientist at Homiwoo, Paris
Junior Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the luxury goods and jewelry industry. Skilled in Data Research, Marketing Strategy and Python. Professional with a certificate focused in Data Science at AI School Microsoft x Simplon.
Passionate data scientist with experience managing data science teams and backend development teams. Python tech lead. Active investor in multiple startups.,
Data aficionado with a penchant for all things innovation, passionate about solving some of the world's pressing issues using recent advances in AI.,
Highly skilled analyst with experience in a broad range of projects both in public and private sector.
A lifetime learner,dreamer and passionate coder.Love to build logics and bots,hear music and play games.
Data Scientist at Car Trawler. Former Applied Data Science Intern at Microsoft Research. Passionate about the  Science behind Data and Artificial Intelligence.   Experienced Data Engineer/Analyst with proficiency in ETL processes.  Mastery in applying statistical and machine learning algorithms to build predictive models and algorithms.   Passionate about Environment and Sustainability.
Hello LinkedIn Members! I am a passionate and ambitious individual who is aspiring to be a contributor to the ever-growing Big Data revolution. I have completed my 𝗠𝗮𝘀𝘁𝗲𝗿'𝘀 𝗶𝗻 𝗖𝗼𝗺𝗽𝘂𝘁𝗲𝗿 𝗦𝗰𝗶𝗲𝗻𝗰𝗲 (𝗕𝗶𝗴 𝗗𝗮𝘁𝗮) at 𝗦𝗶𝗺𝗼𝗻 𝗙𝗿𝗮𝘀𝗲𝗿 𝗨𝗻𝗶𝘃𝗲𝗿𝘀𝗶𝘁𝘆 and work as a 𝗗𝗮𝘁𝗮 𝗦𝗰𝗶𝗲𝗻𝘁𝗶𝘀𝘁 for 𝗦𝘁𝗮𝘁𝗶𝘀𝘁𝗶𝗰𝘀 𝗖𝗮𝗻𝗮𝗱𝗮.  I have done my Bachelors in Computer Science at 𝗕𝗶𝗿𝗹𝗮 𝗜𝗻𝘀𝘁𝗶𝘁𝘂𝘁𝗲 𝗼𝗳 𝗧𝗲𝗰𝗵𝗻𝗼𝗹𝗼𝗴𝘆 𝗮𝗻𝗱 𝗦𝗰𝗶𝗲𝗻𝗰𝗲𝘀 (𝗕𝗜𝗧𝗦), 𝗣𝗶𝗹𝗮𝗻𝗶, 𝗗𝘂𝗯𝗮𝗶 𝗖𝗮𝗺𝗽𝘂𝘀 and worked as an 𝗔𝗽𝗽𝗹𝗶𝗰𝗮𝘁𝗶𝗼𝗻 𝗦𝘂𝗽𝗽𝗼𝗿𝘁 𝗘𝗻𝗴𝗶𝗻𝗲𝗲𝗿 at 𝗥𝗢𝗔𝗠𝗪𝗢𝗥𝗞𝗦 𝗟𝗟𝗖, Dubai for two years. I have also done many co-ops at 𝗧𝗵𝗼𝗺𝘀𝗼𝗻 𝗥𝗲𝘂𝘁𝗲𝗿𝘀 𝗠𝗘𝗡𝗔, 𝗠𝗶𝗰𝗿𝗼𝘀𝗼𝗳𝘁 𝗚𝘂𝗹𝗳, 𝗦𝗰𝗿𝗲𝗲𝗻 𝗖𝗵𝗲𝗰𝗸 𝗠𝗶𝗱𝗱𝗹𝗲 𝗘𝗮𝘀𝘁 and 𝗦𝘆𝘀𝘁𝗲𝗰𝗻𝗶𝗰.   In addition to having ample work experience in the software and big data sector, I also indulge in research work with many publications in reputed journals. I was in various positions of responsibility in my university and was a Teaching assistant for 3 terms. I am a fierce competitor and won many awards for technical and cultural events.,anuragb95
Data Scientist with hands on knowledge on Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Statistical Algorithms using tools like Python, R  Data Science enthusiast proficient in Analyzing and exploring data using Statistics .With solid understanding of Machine Learning algorithms and Statistics.I have designed predictive models using R and Python.  Have professional experience as a Junior Data Scientist in the analysis, design development and testing. Motivated by a desire to improve and participate in solving difficult problems. Dedicated to improving quality and giving my best effort in everything that I do.  Successfully completed certification on Data Science specialization using R and Python and Data Analytics and Visualization using Excel, SQL and Tableau from Excelr   Have good hands on experience on R,Python, SQL, Tableau, Excel, VBA, Big Data (Hadoop), Java , C , C++ Have worked on different projects   I am  skilled in recording, interpreting and analyzing data in a fast-paced environment. Experienced in preparing detailed documents and reports while other responsibilities.  • Expertise in python, Power BI
I'm a curious person that have a dream to make society getting better through technology. My skill in computer science leads me to try solving problem that appears around me. I hope, one day, there will be technology that make humankind getting better. So everyone can focus to make their life more valuable rather than spending their time to reach mortal property.
Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, Software Development
Data scientist with a coding background and a demonstrated history of working in a customer-first B2C company.   My current area of focus is unraveling consumer behavior in retail/e-commerce using the ever-evolving suite of ML/statistical models and empowering the business by building such insight generating data science products.
Experienced Software Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Currently working on big data analytic and machine learning projects.  Skilled in Python (Programming Language), Hive, Machine Learning and Project Management. Master's degree focused in Computer Systems Networking and Telecommunications from The University of Tokyo.
Deep learning | Machine learning  Python | PySpark | Pytorch | Hive | Hue | SQL | Tableau
Flexible developer and data scientist with over 9 years of experience in software development/big data/data analysis • Open-minded person focused on high quality and perfect solutions • Quick learner who likes new challenges and problem solving  Interested in many areas of IT: • compilers and programming languages design and implementation • algorithms (data mining, data analysis, distributed computing algorithms etc.) • software and operating systems design and implementation  • cryptography and security problems • software testing and optimizations   Specialties: C, C++, C#, .NET, Python, Algorithms, Data Structures, Big Data,
Data scientist, with engineering background, software development experience, and academic research work.,
End-to-End Machine Learning,_brohrer_
Primal interest: - Privacy preserving data analysis  - Graph related algorithms and applications  - Utilizing dynamic modeling strategies from survival analysis, to industry scenarios where duration analysis is of main concern  Something that I used to do: natural language interface, scheduling, anomaly detection with time series data  I'm also interested in theoretical machine learning (computational learning theory),
Passionate about transforming business problems into analytical solutions.   As a data scientist my goal is to identify approaches to improve the accuracy and effectiveness of analytics models. Working with experts in the organization, I understand underlying business process, strategy and execution.   My familiarity with many languages and tools allows me to select the best tool for the analytics solution and manipulation of large volumes of data and in turn, translate quantitative insights into intuitive visualizations for a non-technical audience, business and IT leaders.  I can influence and recommend how an organization approaches a business challenge that has the most value for the organization by leveraging my broad and deep data and analytics skills while considering the entire initiative ecosystem (data availability, size, velocity and volumes; predictive vs. explanatory requirements; deployment and visualization requirements).   Honors Mathematics, Business Specialization, Computer Science Minor – University of Waterloo  Core Competencies:  Data: Structured and Unstructured data Tools: Cognos, SPSS, Watson, Hyperion, PowerPivot
I'm Taha and I was a computer science student at faculty of computer science and Artificial Intelligence - Helwan university.  I've experience as a Software Engineer for 1 Year (Java Web, Android and Mean Stack ).  I joined the ITI (Big Data and Data Science Track) 9 month program intake 39  I was hired as a Data Scientist at Etisalat (Telecom Operator)   I'm Interested in Big data , Data science, machine learning, AI and Blockchain.   Contact m
Data Science passionator with statistics research, computer science and finance background. Always seeking challenges and always learning.,
A self motivated and passionate individual in the space of data science  https://zhunhung.com/
Key Accomplishments •	Designed and developed a machine learning prototype in MATLAB, C#, and XML for a classifier for forgotten email attachments with a precision of 93% (F-measure 90%). The most successful algorithm was SVM. The training set was limited to 1000 items of which 50% positive and 50% negative. •	Developed a shipping Dutch grammar checker that is able to identify 16 different kinds of grammatical errors with an average precision of 80%. This was an €400k-saving effort. •	Automated consistency checks in a phonological lexicon which reduced cost of the review with 80% and increased the quality with 50% in comparison to the manual review. •	Led a team of 4 computational linguists on a project to automate the creation of parse grammars for postal addresses. Through the implementation of a MaxEnt algorithm in C++ we were able to generate grammars for any address format in any language.
Around 15 years of hands-on experience, successfully analyzed, developed, supported databases, reports, live systems of Marketing and Sales. 2. Led data projects proficiently with strong analytical, reporting skills, effective communication with business stakeholders on their requirements to generate business specific insights. 3. Committed Leader, Passionate about data, Consistent in excellence and learning, Positive, Self-starter, Team Player
Working on predictive analysis to solve real time research problem using data science life cycle. I am a result oriented and high energy professional with a talent for leading by example, have good interpersonal skills, problem solving skills and zeal for professional excellence.
Enthusiastic about delivering great products to customers using data driven methodologies, machine learning and algorithms.  Working on end to end solutions, from exploration and implementation to deployment and monitoring in production. Keen to learn and implement new ideas.
I'm not interested in IC or techlead-in-theory-but-actually-IC roles. Many recruiters try to switch and bait me into accepting IC roles. This will not work for me.   If there are team manager roles that takes care of an agile team of ML eng / data scientists, I'm interested in having a talk.   I am a machine learning developer holding a Masters degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of Ottawa.   My thesis project was focused on Emotion Detection using facial expressions and human voice. As a result, I developed extensive knowledge in the field of machine learning, particularly deep learning. Also, I have solid background in object-oriented programming, especially in Java and Python which I acquired through my education and during my internship at Bruyere hospital. Please refer to my published papers and the list of my projects as described in their corresponding sections.   Currently I work at transport Canada, as a Machine Learning Developer, where I utilize Azure Cloud Services to developer machine learning models (using Azure Databricks) in addition to big data related projects using Spark.  - Languages: Python, Java - Libraries: Tensorflow, Keras, PySpark, scikit-learn, NumPy, matplotlib - Skills: CNN, RNN, Big Data, Reinforcement Learning
Hi, I'm Karen, I am A do-er, starter, amateur violinist, and data science researcher, recently working on sustainable fintech   #Education HKBU | Major in Statistics + double minor in Computer Science and Finance  Cornell | Healthcare policy and Biostats   #Professional Experience I was a developer intern at Bank of America Merrill Lynch [ Exotic trading ], worked at Microsoft as a technology solution professional [ Data and AI, Dynamics ] After two pieces of corporation training, I found a way back to startup and joined Blockdynamics as part of the initial team - researching crypto transaction pattern utilizing data science.  #Entrepreneurship  Back to college time, I was part of the team started Felesbio, A Boston and Hong Kong-based synthetic biotech startup, built a lab-in-box toolkit to enable the general public to explore the biology. Exhibited the initial progress at Giant Jamboree at iGEM(international genetic engineering machine) 2018, we recently got featured on Kickstarter and raised 89,463 within two months.   #Community  I was A hackathon savvy ( MEMSI at Hong Kong Innovation Node, Hackharvard ) I worked with a winning team and co-founded Global Solutions Foundation   Starting Kairos Society China Chapter   # Fun Facts Born and raised in Dali, Yunnan, Chinese minority who really speaks minority language. Other languages: Mandarin
Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer games industry. Skilled in R, Python, SQL, statistics and analytics. Strong engineering professional with a Master's degree focused in Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering from University of Belgrade. I won state championship for juniors in archery. Although I am not shooting at the target anymore.  I am still shooting for the stars.
I am a Data Scientist at Spotify working for the Kids app. Previously, I worked as a data scientist at Skyscanner. I hold a  PhD and MS in Information Technology, and a BS in Computer Engineering. I focus on understanding the user experience in terms of accessibility, usability and engagability when interacting with a product. During my PhD and post doc I combined sociological concepts with information technology techniques to study human behavior manifested online.,ruthygarcia
Graduated from AAST Computer Science department. I have a passion for Data Science, Data Modeling, and Machine Learning Algorithms. Nothing is more fulfilling than being part of a team with similar interests, and an organization that values its employees.,
Specialties: Statistical Modelling, SAS Programming, Data Mining
adventurer who believes in turning ideas into reality and voracious reader,saran945,
Looking for Data Scientist opportunities in UK and mainly in London. Currently a postgraduate student at Queen Mary University of London studying MSc Big Data Science. I’m looking for full time positions starting from September 2019.   I have already done some work on Data Science, including use of Python language and have applied different machine learning algorithms on different datasets. I've deep knowledge, understanding and experience of Neural Networks, Support Vector Machine, Logistic Regression and CNN. I have also worked on Data Mining during my under graduation. My FYP was Angry Birds Playing Bot, in which we made the bot play the game, collected game data (game play, shot attributes, score) and in the end applied Neural Networks on it, so bot can play new levels of the game accurately and precisely.  During my 2 year job at Fides Technologies, from Aug 2016 - Aug 2018, I also worked on some client specific projects and applied different data analytics and machine learning algorithms on their data. I developed modules like Market Basket Analysis, Losing Products for a Customer, Probability that customer will go in debt, and Targeted Marketing.,
Principal data scientist at Intuit. Holds a PhD in computer science and an MBA.
My name is Vasilis Vryniotis, I'm a Data Scientist, a Software Engineer and  the main author of Datumbox Machine Learning Framework.   Currently I work as Principal Data Scientist for Expedia, the leading online travel company. Before that I have worked for companies such as King.com, Microsoft and Mozaik and I have co-founded WebSEOAnalytics.com. My studies include an MSc in Machine Learning, an MSc in Statistics, an MBA and a BSc in Computer Science.   I am particularly interested in Machine Learning; both in its mathematical foundations and its applications. I specialize in building complex Machine Learning Frameworks and Pipelines, developing custom Statistical Models and Algorithms and performing Data Modeling. Moreover I have experience in working in the areas of Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, Recommender Systems, Deep Learning, Learn-to-Rank and Real-Time Bidding.   Technical Skills: ⇨ Data Science: Machine Learning, Statistics, Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, Recommender Systems, Deep Learning, Learn-to-Rank
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Data Science, Data Analytics, Machine Learning, Python, R, Node.js, and Database Development. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Science (BS) focused in Computer Science from Sir Syed University of Engineering and Technology.
I am a passionate machine learning enthusiast, yearning to create an impact by solving complex business problems. I have an all-round education in computer science and have 2+ years of work experience in building data-driven applications and writing machine learning algorithms for e-commerce search at Target (Fortune #39, USA retail chain). I completed my Master's from King's College London, and pursued my Bachelor's from R.V. College of Engineering, Bangalore.,
Hello! My name is Mehdi BEN ABDESSELEM, I recently graduated from Paris Descartes University – France as a data scientist and I am enthusiastically seeking for an opportunity in data science.  I have an excellent engineering backound thanks to my software engineer studies at INSAT that helped me acquiring strong problem solving skills and best practices to conceptualize and build algorithms during my research studies.   I love to combine between new technologies, algorithmic, and mathematics to solve the hardest problems optimally.  That's why, I consider myself a competent professional with strong analytical skills and a great potential to offer.
Strong scientific background, high communication skills, international environment oriented.  Highly interested in  Big Data, Machine Learning, and Internet of Things.  Passionate about technology with a strong Internet of Things background experienced in planning complex projects, cross layer solutions for WSNs, statistical/analytical techniques, algorithms,  big data visualization, defining technical elements, investigating innovative solutions.  3+ Experience in a Start-up environment.  PhD in Wireless Sensor Networks whereas - Internet of Things (IoT).  During my PhD I acquired experience in technical writing, and public speaking.  Specialties:  Java,  Scala, Python, C/C++, Awk, R
Data Scientist with hands-on experience on challenging big data analysis and prediction problems in both industry and academia. In addition to, broad experience in developing and shipping large-scale commercial code. I have experience working in big international software corporates, such as Microsoft and Electronic Arts (EA) as well as working in world-class research centers, such as Qatar Computing Research Institute.,TarekElganainy,
Executive with experience running complexity, technology/business oriented, geographically distributed, and fast moving. Capable of driving significant business results predicated on development of sound strategy and focus on execution. Excellent background in business process and continuous improvement.  Experience in: - Strategic Planning/Transformation/Organization Change - FinTech Start-up’s  - Enterprise transition and lifecycle model - Cloud Architecture (IaaS, PaaS, SaaS) - App Dev and Infrastructure CRM and Dev-Ops - Security compliance for infrastructure, Cloud, Database and Application.  - Program, Contracts/SLA, strategy, planning, business operations, portfolio management - Electronic Payments and Blockchain - Business applications implementation and delivery - Operations and Service Management applications - Help desks at scale both commercial and internal facing - Technology architecture and design - Cloud computing architecture and support - Cloud revenue management and customer support models - Collaboration and Voice technology - Off-shore and near-shore support/development strategy - CRM, eCom, ERP, Enterprise back office - LAN/WAN, Data Centers - Private/Public - Supply Chain enablement - BOT, IoT
I solve problems using code, currently those problems span the fields Machine learning and data science. I'm experienced Python Developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry and research.,
Versatile and analytically minded professional with a successful background securing new business through strategic planning and presentation of corporate products / services to diverse audiences. Combine advanced analytical, research, and financial acumen with in-depth expertise driving business growth through market intelligence gathering / analysis, project management, market identification, risk control and stakeholder engagement. Collaborate with cross-functional team members in successfully achieving challenging objectives, increasing market share and profitability while elevating competitive performance. Advanced communicator in English and Spanish with intermediate fluency in Portuguese and basic knowledge of Russian.,
Data Scientist in the Global Digital Business team at LexisNexis since 2017 after 3+ years at Microsoft. Hold a Ph.D. in Statistics and Economic Data Quality and a Master degree in Statistics for Business Management. In work experience carried out a range of tasks such as mining data through software, conducting statistical analysis on large-scale data, and looking for trends. Worked on large projects and managed parallel data streams within tight deadlines.,
Entrepreneurial, highly cross functional (Lead Product Engineering and Design for growth, GTM, Hiring, Sales), adaptive, empathic, Software Leader with extensive experience in SaaS, cloud, Big Data in Startups and Fortune 500 companies like Microsoft, Symantec, VMware across USA, UK, Europe, China, Japan and India.  I bring big picture and devils in the details skills all at once. Yes, my EQ matches my IQ!   Cognitive Science is my primary area of interest. Applications in high tech practice, economic trends interest me.  Shooting for Entrepreneurial collaborations, Applied Research opportunities.  Specialties: Cross Discipline
I am a data scientist, researcher and engineer with 9+ years of research experience in the fields of human social behavior analysis, data mining and machine learning. I am a team member and an a self-starter with a passion on product and business development, and a general interest and ability on acquiring new knowledge and skills.
Professional Machine Learning Engineer with 5+ years experience in several AI domains such as NLP, Computer Vision, Robotics and Data Science. RandD oriented with broad advanced skills based on production and research expertise. Hardworking and diligent team player with a through approach to solve problems in computer science.,
PhD in Economics • I am a highly technical Data Scientist, passionate to identify novel opportunities and provide actionable recommendations to business, using advanced econometric modeling and machine learning techniques.  • Developed predictive Marketing measurement solutions. Used Python to build real-time sales lift measurement using past sales, price, promotions, seasonality and holiday effects, to monitor real-time return on investment (ROI), following online marketing campaigns. • Enhanced and implemented Credit Loss Reserve calculation at Advance America, from accuracy level of 60% to 90% by applying customer segmentation, interactive grouping, unsupervised learning, regression analysis and credit score packages in SAS EG and SAS enterprise Miner.  • Forecasted Microsoft Xbox Sales for the holiday season to facilitate Supply Chain planning at Microsoft Corp, using predictive analytics.  • Explored the Fraud Detection potentials at Microsoft Supply Chain using data mining and pattern recognition. • Thorough understanding of various Parametric and Non-Parametric modeling approaches such as OLS, Logistic and Count Regressions, Decision Trees and Neural Networks.  • 4+ years of experience programming in SAS, SQL and STATA and Python.    Specialties: Data Science, Python programming, Economic Analysis, Data Mining
Having a knack of Research and Storytelling, I'm a Data Scientist at heart with hands-on experience in Python, Data Visualization, Data Analytics and Predictive Modeling. I like working on proof-of-concept projects for the sake of learning new and interesting ways to solve problems. In the urge of upgrading my skill set on daily basis, I've completed over 40 MOOCs in Machine Learning, Data Sciences and Blockchain from DataCamp, Udemy, Class Central, Coursera and LinkedIn Learning. I also write and contribute technical articles occasionally to C# Corner and Microsoft TechNet Wiki.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the Data Analysis and Business Intelligence. Skilled in Data Engineering technologies. Strong data analytics professional with a Bachelor of Technology - B.Tech focused on Machine Learning and Deep Learning
The most important and difficult aspects of data science are often not on the machine learning techniques, but on defining clear business problems and engaging stakeholders throughout the process.  Full stack data scientist with a focus on solving actual business problems using the most effective machine learning techniques.   Experienced in the full data product lifecycle from acquisition, through processing and analysis, to the production deployment and communication of results to clients.,
currently a Principal Data Scientist at Expedia Group's Egencia brand for corporate travel. Previously, Debraj was a Senior Data and Applied Scientist Lead (Manager) in Microsoft's AI and Research and Cloud AI teams, and informatics and data science lead and Director in various biopharma businesses (Merck and Co, Genentech/Roche, and Dendreon/Bausch Health).  TECHNICAL:  Experienced data and applied scientist with 15+ years in machine learning and statistical modeling applications. Proven ability to impact businesses with analytical outcomes, insights, and operationalized predictive services.   Deep expertise in machine learning algorithms and statistical modeling. Experienced in a variety of languages, e.g. Python, R, SQL/Hive, Matlab and distributed computing environments, e.g., Spark, Hadoop/MapReduce, HPC.  Experienced in multiple domains (forecasting, IoT, search and sort, NLP) and business verticals (retail travel
I am a data scientist and analytics strategist with 7+ years of corporate leadership and IT experience in the software development sector. Recognized for streamlining company operations processes as well as identifying areas for revenue growth, I have a verifiable history of integrating innovative data and analytical paradigms into business process to promote growth and expansion. As such, I have consistently exceeded budgetary and performance goals and I am adept at achieving maximum operational output with minimal resource expenditure. Professional focal points include data analytics, financial analytics, strategic development, modeling statistics, market analysis, infrastructure development, technology solutions, and project management. Delivering superior administration on the latter areas of expertise requires utilization of effective communication skills, as well as business acumen, systems analysis, and budget management to support efficiency and maximum returns.  Currently, I am a Data and Analytics Consultant. I help companies make the most out of their data using a variety of ML techniques. I strive to leverage machine learning and data analytics to drive efficiencies and streamline and automate decision making  I previously worked as a Data Analyst with Funtomic - an Israel-based web and mobile game publisher. Under my leadership, I oversee data collection and analysis within the company, as well as with marketing team to advance initiatives and campaigns; calculate optimal amount of traffic acquisition to maximize net income of our leading product (this project yielded significant net income growth). In addition, I liaise with senior leadership and analytics teams to ensure the company’s digital analysis support structure is driving the business forward with minimal expenditures.
Experienced Data Scientist and NLP researcher, with expertise in:  - rapid prototyping of Natural Language processing solutions in software engineering environments  -  applying Machine learning and Deep Learning for text classification, natural language generation,  Multi lingual language processing  - linguistic analysis and statistical modeling of large collections of text data   - Information retrieval/extraction, custom search engine development  - Teaching programming, NLP and data science to under grad and graduate students from various backgrounds  - grant writing for fund raising, and communicating complex technical ideas to a wide spectrum of audience.,
Data Scientist with 5-year professional experience. Currently in charge of a highly motivated team in Statathlon, providing value to Elite European Teams and National Federations in basketball.   Highly skilled in Statistical Analysis, Machine Learning and Creative Thinking with an academic background in Applied Statistics and International Business.   Awarded as the Founder of one of the Top-6 Rising Sports Analytics companies in Europe (Statathlon Ltd.).  —————— Technical Expertise on: Python, R, Microsoft Power BI, and SQL.  Competencies: Creative Thinking, Active Learning and Public Speaking,dimitris_sak,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Strong engineering professional skilled in Databases, Java, Text Mining, Algorithms, and Object-Oriented Programming (OOP).
Data Scientist at Societe Generale retail banking for Sales and Marketing.  After an extensive experience in engineering, strategic purchasing, and project management  in both Banking and Automotive industries, I became Data Scientist at Société Générale in January 2017.  I received the Data Science Certificate from the École Polytechnique Executive Education. The training content included modeling, machine learning, NLP, data visualization, data engineering …  I combined all the technical capabilities in data science and AI with management and interpersonal skills to provide business value.  Experienced program manager in several industries, successful in delivering complicated projects in multi-cultural environments.  Extensive international experience in management and strategic projects in France, Italy, Germany, USA and MEA. Solution oriented. Committed. Problem Solver. Creative mindset. Proven ability to work effectively in complex global organizations and cross-cultural environments.  Great exposure and adaptability to foreign cultures. Excellent oral and written communications skills. Completely fluent in English, French, and Italian. Speaking German and Spanish as well.  Both Engineering graduate and holding an Executive MBA from ESCP Business School. Certified from DSSP Ecole Polytechnique Data Science Program.   #datascience #AI #BI #bigdata #machinelearning #strategy #cdo #marketing #digital #projectmanagement #entrepreneurship #innovation #international,laurentkrief
7 years of work and research experience in computer science and information systems.  • Believe in Data as a Service (DaaS). Devote myself to using data mining to learn the world better. • Familiar with processing large scale data set using the Hadoop ecosystem tools. • Familiar with C, C++, Java, Python, Shell, SQL, Matlab and R. • Research experience on Wearable Computing with Data Mining.  Specialties: Knowledge discovery with data mining and distributed systems. Solving real-world problems using programming and quantitative methods.
Passionate about decision making through data science and machine learning. Engineering graduate from Imperial College London. Excellent communication skills in Greek and English.  Eager to contribute to a team environment and work creatively towards the best tailored solutions
Programming Skills: Python, SQL (SAS, Oracle, MS), Java, R, MapReduce •	Computer Skills: Jupyter Notebook, DBeaver, AQT (Advanced Query Tool), SAS Enterprise Guide, SAS Enterprise Miner, SAS Visual Analytics, MATLAB, IBM Content Analytics, IBM Content Analytics Enterprise Search, IBM ILOG CPLEX, QlikSense; SAP Business Objects, Microsoft Solutions •	Language Skills: Native Turkish
I am a professional with strong background in Business that loves data. I enjoy to innovate in processes and business models through an effective use of the data. Currently I am working with Natural Language Processing (NLP) algorithms applied to financial information.
From bits in the database to bits of PNGs, I am a full stack developer with interests ranging from slick and responsive web interfaces, nosql, web infrastructure, scaling, deployment automation, continuous deployment, programming languages, open source enthusiast (a contributor and creator of several projects), data science and machine learning.   Lately I have been teaching myself and working on several data science related projects and most recently leading a team of data scientists at AppsFlyer.   As a side hoppy I blog, and run a podcast  and a successful yearly software conference, Reversim Summit, hosting  2k developers for two fun and engaging full days of contents.,rantav,
Three-in-a-box Leader with knowledge in Data Science, Big Data Engineering and Business Analysis. Hands-on experience in all stages of data science project life cycle - Business Understanding, Data Acquisition, Modeling, Deployment and Customer Acceptance,ambaprasadG,
I have over 25 years experience in business analysis and software development, including applications in mathematical modelling, traffic simulation and financial services. My positions included programming, analysis and design, data modelling, as well as team leading and project management. I have been a technical presenter at many events and conferences. In addition I developed and delivered tutorial seminars on software packages and given courses on XML and Modeling Windows DNA-based applications with Rational Rose.   Current skills Software Design / Software Development/ TDD/ Agile methodologies (Scrum and XP)  NET, C#, WPF/Silverlight/ASP.NET MVC  My clients have included Bank of New York, Credit Suisse First Boston, Lehman Brothers, Syngenta, FreshFields Bruckhaus Deringer, GE Capital, Norwich Union, Siemens Business Services, Reed Business Services, ATandT and Barclays Capital
Research Experience: · Knowledge Mining from User-Generated Travelogues  · Location-Based Recommendation and Visualization · Scalable Structured Web Data Extraction · 3D Model-Based Landmark Recognition · Scalable 3D Object Recognition
Take eager actions on big data technologies and hot artificial intelligences in the field of financial domains, including deep learning, deep reinforcement learning and online learning.  Various experiences and problem-solving abilities on Cyber Security、Fraud Detection、Intelligence Recommendation、Health Care and Computational Advertising.,
A master's student studying computer science (interests in machine learning and web engineering)  Searching for a Job as a new grad mainly in the tech industry or consulting, but I’m open to any offer if it sounds interesting.  Please feel free to contact me and ask about my experiences.,
Looking for roles in the field of Data Science and Business Analysis. Currently pursuing Masters in Data Science and Analytics. Proficient in creating models for various use cases in Python. Experience in Research in Data Science ,Machine Learning and Deep Learning and published Research papers and book chapters in journals and conferences
Moved back to Vancouver December 2018 in order to start a new position 03.01.2019
Now a days helping with cutting edge technologies to make better products and taking better decisions and track of consumers feedback and on that helping developing solutions from there.Working with machine Learning techniques and aiding from industries standards and methods for deployment of  ideas is one of my key ambitions.Experience in problem solving ,stocks prediction,computer image processing and recognition with opencv library ,natural processing with python toolkit nltk. Machine learning is not a job its passion towards future by making machines smarter every day.
safe4democracy
Experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in both academia and industry with a focus especially on NLP.   - Skilled in Python, Java and PHP and familiar with  mainstream ML tools like tensorflow, pytorch, sklearn, etc.   - Had experience in video analysis, survival analysis and knowledge representation as well.,
Portugal,Has a passion for developing beautiful code and elegant solutions. In his master's degree gained an interested in Machine Learning (Reinforcement Learning) and Serious Games development. Has a Phd in Computer Science specialized in Machine Learning and Human Activity Recognition.,David_Jardim,
I pursued my master’s in computer science at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, where I focused on machine learning.  I did my undergrad in computer science at a public university in India. During the summers, I spent my time working on projects with professors of the university and the results of one of these projects made me more interested in machine learning.  After completing my undergraduate studies, I wanted to get some exposure to solving real problems using machine learning. So I joined a machine learning startup as a data analyst and then was promoted to junior data scientist. I learned a ton about the initial steps in the data science process which hugely involved data processing and cleaning. I got to automate major parts of this process and deployed it in production. I also worked a lot on doing data analysis and building predictive models. This experience showed me that I am very interested in working in a challenging environment for solving problems.  Currently, I am doing courses related to machine learning and working with a professor on an interesting project.,kavideveloped
Physicist / Software Engineer / Data Magnifier
Extremely curious, inquisitive and likes to challenge the status quo. Avid learner. Attention to details is very important to me as well being as scientific and rigorous as possible in my daily job practice.    Some of the areas and technologies used in the past: - High Performance Computing (Parallel Computing); - High Performance file I/O, storage; - Quantitative and scientific research - Data analysis; - C, C++, Python, MPI, HDF5, SLURM, LSF, Lustre, GPFS, CMake, Boost, STL, Git, Boost.Test, Google Test
I have a PhD in economics and prior experience as a Data Scientist at Microsoft where I used machine learning and deep learning algorithms to build predictive models, improve product and derive insights from data. I enjoy working with data and I have 3+ years experience with machine learning, deep learning, and natural language processing. I also have 10+ years of economics research and teaching experience.   https://bilalmkhan.github.io/  MACHINE LEARNING: Supervised: linear and logistic regression, decision trees and ensemble tree models such as random forest, and gradient boosting (AdaBoost, GBM, XGBoost), Naive Bayes, k-nearest neighbors (KNN), deep learning (MLP, RNN, CNN); Natural Language Processing (text classification, sequence to sequence models); Unsupervised: k-means clustering, agglomerative clustering, DBSCAN  STATISTICS: Time series analysis, Hypothesis testing (Z, T
Data person, trying to work out how and where I can be most useful. Currently part of the nPlan team as a Data Scientist
3 years experience in recommender system, nature language processing, deep learning, machine learning,
Do you think data is the new gold of 21st century ?  Like gold, it needs to be manipulated and analysed to get the most out of it. Companies that can develop data insight and predict customer demand, will be the future winners.
I tell stories with data.,NadaSal,
Passionate and Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the Software Bug Life Cycle. Skilled in Data Science, Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Python. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor's degree focused in Computer Science from Amrita School of Engineering.  I am pursuing masters at NUS Singapore.,
Lokesh is currently working as a Data Scientist with experience in NLP, Deep Learning and Machine Learning. He graduated from The LNMIIT, Jaipur in May 2018. His technical expertise includes fluency in programming languages including Python, R, C, Java, Keras;  fluency in databases like Neo4j and MySQL; advanced knowledge of libraries and packages including pandas, numpy, Shiny, twitteR, scikit, and d3.js and engineering tools like Airflow, Trifecta, Jenkins, Luigi, AWS, Ansible and Terraform.
Aspiring Data Scientist. Former Employee at Microsoft. Pro active learner. Love to learn and work on new technologies. Developed a working Bot model for a startup when it was just founded.,
How could it be better? -- Motto as of current.  Being a tech girl, I am also very into creative arts, e.g. video making, writing, you name it. Recently I have been enjoying tennis and public speaking.
I am a Computer Scientist who looks for research opportunities in Data Science and Natural Language Processing. In my spare time, I am also an occasional blogger who loves to write about everything from books, music to my own research experience.
With a bent for research, I've worked in the industry for a few years in the field of data science. At American Express, I was a part of Big Data Labs, which focused on applying cutting-edge machine learning techniques to vast data sets to obtain business insights. Currently, I am working in the Data Science team at Kristal - a fintech startup which aims to democratize investments and provide access to curated top performing investment portfolios to mass affluent segment.
Interested in Data Science and Machine learning different applications.,
Data Scientist working at the intersection of music, entertainment, and culture.   Past experiences include product management/data engineering/science at Spotify, Tesla and Twitch. I've worked with multiple major companies in the SF Bay Area in short-term consulting engagements as well ranging from brand strategy/partnerships, analytics, marketing, and UX Research
I see Mathematics as a language to express problems and their solutions and myself as the translator. In my experience problems can often be solved by looking at them from a different angle  and see their connections to other areas of science. This is very much related to the most important skill in teaching, finding the right angle such that the material becomes accessible to the student.
Multilingual, curious, autonomous and reliable teamate, I am passionate about Artificial Intelligence. I have a good experience in Java development, web development and Business Intelligence as well as in communication and Social Media Management.
Lublin District, Poland,I believe, that success can be reached by a hard work with a harmonious team. What's important, the aim can only be reached through a continuous learning by getting the knowledge and experience.,TomaszCieplak,
Big data: Hive, Hadoop, Pig, Spark, Splunk  - Visualization: Plotly, Matplotlib, Seaborn, R Shiny , ggplot,  a little d3.js  - Machine Learning: Classification, Clustering, Regression  - Statistics: Experimental Design, Hypothesis Testing, Time Series Modeling  - Coding: Python, R, Matlab, SQL, a little Java/C++  - Sports: Basketball
Most recently, I was a Data Scientist in the Azure CSI Hardware Systems Group at Microsoft.  My experience includes data visualization, data analysis, data science and statistical modeling tasks with large hardware, genetic, space science and Earth science data sets.  I have worked with data languages and packages such as COSMOS/SCOPE, Python (pandas, scikit-learn, pyfpgrowth, statsmodels, seaborn, matplotlib, bokeh, nltk, TextBlob, xgboost, etc.), R, Power BI
I. Machine Learning / Artificial Intelligence   II. Big data / Cloud Computing,
,- Master in Management Sciences, University Of Waterloo   - Graduate Diploma in Data Analytics, University Of Waterloo   - Proven work experience in Databases, Big Data Storage Architecture and Analytics.  - Key Skills:  1. Tools/Languages: Python, R 2. Databases: SQL Server, MySQL, MongoDB, Talend Studio (ETL) 3. Deep Learning Frameworks: Keras, PyTorch 4. Big Data Platforms: Apache Spark, Apache Drill 5. Data Visualization: Tableau, Excel, Looker 6. Cloud Platforms: Google Cloud Platform, Azure 7. Interests/Focus: Natural Language Processing, Consumer Analytics, Forecasting w/ Time-Series Modeling,
I work as a quantitative analyst in Bopu fund, an industry-leading hedge fund based in Shenzhen. I'm interested in high frequency trading, financial engineering, machine learning and blockchain technologies.,
I am a big believer that  1. Coding changes business 2. Learning is the continuous habit and eventually everything comes back to you  3. Unexpectable change will drive your life journey fantastic
Passionately developing new applications in Data Mining and Machine Learning, particularly for large graph-structure data...,
Ex-Uber
I'm brave, curious, determined, and overcome the odds. Gosto de aprender coisas novas e me divirto com isso. Je suis capable et je sais que: how harder I study and work, the more luck I have.,Adriano_Santos
Interests: Deep Learning, Machine Learning(ML), Artificial Intelligence(AI), Neural Networks, Big Data, Data Science, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Information Retrieval (IR), Data Mining, Multi Armed Bandits (MAB), Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch, XGBoost, Gensim, Python (numpy, pandas, pyspark, scikit-learn
Data Scientist, interested in Arabic Natural Language Processing, Recommender Systems and Deep Learning.,
Data scientist who takes a business driven model-based approach to solving problems and supporting decisions with data.  Complexity scientist interested in developing and applying computational techniques to model and analyse systems with multi-level interactions. Also passionate about education (especially in developing and crisis regions) and research communication. Specialties: Data Science, Computational Modelling, Complexity Science, Education, Research Communication, Digital Humanities
Specialties: Machine Learning, Statistical Modeling,  Python, R, SAS,  Hadoop(Hive, Pig), Spark
Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Deep Learning (LSTM, RNN, DNNs), Image Processing (CNNs) GANs,
A Microsoft certified data scientist has many years of experience in statistical analysis and effectively interpreting findings and generating valuable insights from various research projects. - Strong experience and knowledge in data science projects including Machine Learning with skills in Python, R, SQL, Bash, SAS, Minitab, MS SQL Server, MySQL, NoSQL (MongoDB), Jupyter Notebook, Google Colab, RStudio, AzureML, Power BI, Tableau, HTML5, CSS, and Big Data analytics using MS R Client, HDInsight
I am a PhD data scientist who knows how to ask insightful questions, how to apply sophisticated analytical tools, and how to learn quickly. I understand how to solve problems and think critically, and I have proven writing and speaking abilities. Analyzing and interpreting complex datasets makes me happy, and I am known for being flexible, resourceful, and for achieving goals while maintaining a positive outlook. I work effectively in both independent and collaborative environments, and excel at communicating with diverse collaborators.  SKILLS AND TOOLS • data analysis, statistical modeling, machine learning, and natural language processing • R, SQL (also rusty bits of Python and C) • Github, Markdown, shell scripting, Linux • writing and speaking for technical and general audiences,juliasilge,
Data Analyst at Bird and prior to that was a Business Technology Analyst at Deloitte Consulting. He holds two degrees in Computer Science from Stanford University (BS 2016, Artificial Intelligence) and the University of Southern California (MS 2018, Data Science), through which he developed a passion for predictive technology and data analysis. Throughout his education, James gained technical experience as a software developer for companies both big (Microsoft, Bloomberg) and small (Fynd, an LA-based startup). Since joining Bird, James has developed proficiency in building/testing Extract-Transform-Load jobs (SQL), data visualization (Tableau), and modeling/predictive analysis (Python).,
Masters Student in Computer Science. Interested In full time positions in Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Software Developement, Neural Networks, Game Design,
Data all-around
I am a data scientist and AI researcher whose interests is in representation learning, bio-inspired computing, and natural language understanding.  Right now, I'm working as a Principal Data Scientist at JULO, dealing with every novel industrial implementations on Machine Learning and Deep Learning.  Skills: Deep learning, machine learning, natural language processing, computer vision, data science, data analytics, data engineering, text processing, SQL query and tuning  Tech Stack: Python, Pandas, C, Numpy, Pytorch, Tensorflow, Keras
Hi, I’m a Data Scientist at LINE Taiwan. I've been in development of machine learning solutions of  services in LINE, including projects like LINE Fact Checker, LINE Music TW, Ad targeting/tagging ... etc. I'm also doing research including but not limit to Natural language processing, deep learning and Spoken language understanding domains. I'm graduated from National Taiwan University, majoring in Computer Science and Information Engineering (NTUCSIE). I've studied a CS Master degree in MSLab (adviser: Prof. Shou-de Lin) at NTU from 2016 to 2018. My research interests includes Social network analysis, Deep learning, Recommendation system, and Natural language processing.  My recent research topic is on Natural language generation, specifically on creative text generation like poetry generation.  One of my recent project is to develop XiaIce Image to Poetry application with social computing team in MSRA, which has been released as an application in XiaIce from 2017 July. My master thesis NTU is An Attention Based Neural Network Model for Unsupervised Lyrics Rewriting, which is an NN-based generative model to achieve unsupervised lyrics rewriting in any requested format of rhyme, Part-of-Speech, sentence length or even word length.,
Currently having a lot of fun creating intelligent agents that play text-adventure games! I am using Deep Reinforcement Learning along with Natural Language Processing to help the agent create better representation and explore the game efficiently. The ultimate goal is to develop an agent which plays the way humans play, maybe even better than a human! That's the horizon of AI that I am exploring right now.,
I am specialized in machine learning algorithms and artificial intelligence technology to build scalable data platform, coupled with the ability to communicate findings to both business and IT in a way that solve business problems and improve products' performance.    I have hands-on experience in working in cross-function teams and delivering work across various products. I have acquired excellent analytical, information gathering, problem-solving and issue detecting skills. My proficient use of Python, Google analytics, R, and SQL has helped me complete the work effectively and efficiently.  I am a highly motivated and optimistic individual who is very outgoing and passionate. My interest lies in extracting value from the data to better serve the business. I am always keen on learning new knowledge and skills to prepare myself better for the challenging work environment.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Python Programming Language, Microsoft Azure ML studio, SQL, Pandas, Numpy, Microsoft Excel, Statistical Data Analysis, Seaborn and Matplotlib. I have a flair for designing solutions to problems using the appropriate combination of human skills and technological innovations for the achievement of corporate goals and objectives.,
Over 10 years hands-on experience in analyzing complex business data and industry data •	Proven capabilities to turn data insights into business values •	Solid background in machine learning algorithms and statistical analysis •	Proficient with Python, R, SQL, Tableau, Microsoft office, experience with JIRA, Hive, S3, etc. •	Thrive in a multicultural and fast-paced environment, strong attention to details, self-motivated and resourceful, good communication and collaboration
Committed my career to Data Science and love to decompose customer behavior to solve marketing issues, also use data to help people make better decisions. Experienced in creating unique point of view about customer behavior analysis, prediction and deploy these models into product for automation and scalability. My main tool is R and some experience in SQL, python, Linux shell and Google Cloud Service.   Recently, I'm working on integrate DATA with CREATIVE and BUSINESS. My expactation is becoming a Data Service Coordinator because I love research, tech and communication.,
I am an enthusiastic, creative and inquisitive Data Scientist currently working for Cambridge life sciencescompany Abcam. This follows the completion of both a BSc in Computer Science and an MSc in ArtificialIntelligence, with the former also including a year’s industrial placement at Microsoft. I consider mymain strengths to be in the practical application of Data Science and Machine Learning to real-worldproblems; to transform messy data and diffuse objectives into clear and organised plans, and to useinventive solutions to solve the problems faced.
An able data scientist. A mind full of ideas about the process of integrating experimental facts into a model. A fast learner sweeping in the last decade through physiological time series analysis (as an MSc project), Monte Carlo simulations (during an Army service), climate time series analysis (as a PhD project), oceanography modeling (postdoc) and Machine learning+Recommender systems algorithms (at Microsoft and TaKaDu).  Definitely a team player. 
Experienced Data Scientist with strong business acumen, with a demonstrated history of driving product impact by designing and implementing hypothesis driven experiments , driving analytical understands, setting product goals and vision, and building end-to-end data data infrastructure,aadilirani,
I'm an enthusiastic data miner, a big fan of open source and a passionate self-starter! Now I'm taking every effort to apply data science in production!  DATA SCIENCE SKILLS      Self Learning      Structured Thinking        Applied Statistics	                      Machine Learning	                      Data Preprocessing	                      Feature Engineering	                      Model Building and Evaluation             Data Visualization	                       Creative and Practical Thinking       Cross Team Collaboration        Product Deployment          Presentation  DATA SCIENCE TOOLS  , (Big) Data Science Platform: Spark, Hadoop, H2O with R , Data Preprocessing: R, Python, T-SQL/SQL, Google OpenRefine, Trifacta , Data Modeling and Model Evaluation: RStudio, Scikit Learn, Spark MLLib, many other open sources , AI/Deep Learning Tools: Keras (Tensorflow backend), GraphLab , Language: Python, R, T-SQL/SQL, psql, Java, C#
5+ years of experience in advanced analytics and consulting (Klarna, Tobii, Google, Microsoft).,
Active aspirant in the field of Data Science| R and Python|Machine Learning|Managing and Visualising Data|Artificial Intelligence,
My philosophy is exercising in diﬀerent streams is better while relying in one particular aspect and recognized Data Science as an essential platform for any Organization and having an experience of 3+ years with data analysis using technology in business stream and looking for an opportunity to progress myself in this area.,
Senior Data Scientist with proven capability of using data to solve high impact business problems. Expert in data science, predictive modelling, machine learning, business intelligence, relational databases and warehousing. Strong background in statistics and statistical tools such as SPSS, R, Minitab. Solid development skills in T-SQL and R. Working experience with Big Data and data modelling.,
Master's student in Computational Linguistics, Analytics, Search and Informatics with a background in Computer Science, looking for exciting opportunities in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Speech Processing, Text Analytics and allied fields.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the Telco industry. Skilled in building machine learning predictive model and Data Science Applications. Strong analytical and communication professional reading a Doctor of Philosophy - PhD focused in Information Science from the University of Otago.
Data Science Consultant,  Periodontist.   Passionate about healthcare, automated systems, finance and sports.   This rare and complementary skills leverage the power of data science, in order to find creative solutions to real life problematics and communicate efficiently with teams from diverse fields.  Lifestyle : surf, snowboard, cycling, travel, photography, cooking…
Experienced Technical Support Specialist intern with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Python, Data Science, Machine Learning, Design Thinking, and Data Visualization. Passionate Data scientist, machine learning and AI engineer enthusiast graduated from the University of Lagos.,
I am a dedicated, hard-working and quick learner, always looking for new avenues to grow and learn and enhance my knowledge. My interest lies in Machine Learning and Natural Language  Processing. Having worked as a data scientist, researcher and a software engineer, I bring analytical and technical skills to the table besides my strong subject knowledge.
data scientist, basketball player, big time Knicks fan, living the dream,
I am a gamer, a writer, and a data scientist. Over the past five years, I have used my passion for analytics and the gaming industry to help provide businesses with top level insights and a few well-placed cat photoshops. My personal love for gaming and the gaming industry uniquely positions me to look at problems from both a business and customer perspective.   In my spare time, I write fiction. Last year, I had my first novel published under the Aberrant Literature banner, I have an audio drama coming out in late 2019, and a few more paperbacks on the way.   Summary of Qualifications: - 5 years experience with both qualitative and quantitative research methods. - Creating analytical reports that can be understood by teams at large, rather than just those with highly technical backgrounds - In-depth knowledge of the video gaming industry and trends - Highly skilled at creating predictive models in R  - Able to restructure data into formats that best represent the analytical requirements  Specialties: - Strong knowledge of research methods and development. - Predictive modeling, data wrangling, and high level analysis with R - Intermediate data restructuring in SQL, Cosmos and Hive - Proficiency in breaking down complex statistical concepts into easily accessible reports and presentations - Skilled in presenting to large groups - Conversational French speaker.,
Computer Science, Data Scientist, Big Data and Machine Learning,YacineYak95
A very passionate tech lover! I believe that passion and perseverance are the main ingredients of any success. A life-long learner who looks at every day as an opportunity to learn and explore! I seek experiences that allow me to be creative, discover new areas, and enrich my knowledge. I am a big enthusiast of machine learning and conducted my graduate research in the field at the American University of Beirut. My thesis is in the area of Natural Language Processing for resource constrained languages. I am currently researching and developing Machine Learning and Optimization algorithms in the Oil and Gas field at Schlumberger. It is very exciting to be utilizing Machine Learning in the Oil field!  I also love to give back to the community especially in the technical aspect. I have conducted more than 35 workshops and seminars in the past 2 years to raise awareness and educate people about Artificial Intelligence. I am also the Community Manager at Beirut AI where I manage with my team the AI community in Lebanon. In addition, I am part of the IEEE Women In Engineering committee where I inspire and help girls to follow their interest in engineering. I love to work in environments that foster creativity, entrepreneurship, diversity, teamwork, and continuous learning.,
Author of Data Science in Production  I am a seasoned data scientist in the central data organization at Zynga and have a diverse experience across game publishers and startups, with a focus on building impactful data products.,bgweber
I am a problem solver and I excel at tackling complex problems to bring impactful products to fruition. My ability to tackle these challenges are rooted in my knowledge of data science, machine learning and my appetite for developing domain expertise in diverse fields.   I am passionate about contributing to tech companies that are keen on making a positive impact. My previous roles as an engineer in the nuclear and petroleum industries have uniquely prepared me to solve unconventional problems at a large scale.  Keywords: python, machine learning, sklearn, scikit-learn, matplotlib, scipy, pandas, numpy, seaborn, data visualization, data science, data analytics, jupyter notebooks, tableau, PowerBI, SQL, neural networks, random forest
Strong responsibility, fast learning, adaptable, cooperative and enthusiastic
A full-stack guy experienced in building machine learning models for text, images and spatial data as well as building high scale machine learning systems. A deep hands-on in databases, software engineering, social networks, embeddings....
I am a data scientist with a background in sociology. I am interested in using Internet data to decipher the basic mechanisms of human interaction. My experience includes five years working as a data scientist in Silicon Valley. I currently work on the Facebook Core Data Science team, where my contributions have ranged from developing large-scale business intelligence systems to improving the performance of ranking models. I have also recently completed a PhD in Sociology at Stanford University, where I am also pursuing a Master's in Computer Science.,
Data Engineer with 2 years of experience in building data acquisition and processing  systems in Tamedia DTS and 5 years in building statistical models and  recommender systems in Azure SQL Database, and the infrastructure around them. Offers a unique perspective by being both a user and provider of data. Passionate about building new things and  exploring data.,
I started my career back in 2005 in data warehousing.Over the years other than being an ETL Architect I gradually took interest in design and implementation of statistical / predictive models and cutting edge algorithms utilizing diverse sources of data to predict demand using R and SAS. With an aim to make future career as a Data scientist I studied subjects like data mining,machine learning,natural language processing and statistics at the University of Illinois,Chicago and learned and worked more broadly using statistical tools and languages like R,Python with pandas and Sci-kit learn,Matlab,Weka,SAS and Rapid Miner.    In my internship at Microsoft mobile I've worked in enhancing a recommendation engine based on map-reduce framework performing A/B testing on that based on desired KPI. Predicting high dimension data and sentiment is of my interest area and participating in interesting kaggle competition and creating ML based python apps are my hobbies.,tanay006,
Strong engineering professional, highly analytical, technically astute and a passionate Data Scientist possessing a vast and diverse demonstrated history of working accumulated over 4+ years of practical experience in financial industry. My academic courses and MOOC has helped me delivering large scale projects. Skilled in Python Programming, Qlikview, Tableau, Power BI, R, Java, C#, SQL, HIVE, Impala, Hadoop, Spark, YARN, Docker, Linux.  Working in capacity of Team lead (Data Science), my primary strength lies in analyzing problems in order to propose robust, intelligent solutions and putting complex scenarios into perspective mathematically.  I am also a researcher of data science - researching on designing heuristic solutions for anomaly detection in high volume settings.
Hi! I've been lucky to earn my masters from one of Canada's top schools in Computing Science. Focused on machine learning, natural language processing and understanding. My thesis was on moderating Hate Speech and Kinetic Actions Online using NLP, visualization and machine learning.   Before starting my grad studies, I tried various roles at Infineon, BMW and Microsoft. Last winter, I worked as Data Scientist at RBC Wealth Management in NLP, Intelligence Automation and Machine learning. I'm also trilingual (Arabic, German, English). I am based in Vancouver, BC.  Expertise: NLP | Machine learning | Data Science and Analysis| Program Manager | Data visualization and Modelling | Big Data | Research | AgileandScrum | Teaching   Please feel free to contact me anytime through LinkedIn  :),
I predict the future! Freelance Data Scientist: machine learning, predictive analytics, amateur trader and sports betting.,garyshort
A machine learning researcher focusing on web search and product search.    -Ranked 3rd in the most prestigious data science competition-KDD Cup.   -Program Committee Member of AAAI, SIGIR, KDD, WSDM, CIKM, ICLR, BIGDATA etc.   -Authored 3 patents, 2 book chapters, and provided 2 tutorials in SBP'16 and ICDM'17.   -Published over 30 papers in major AI conferences including AAAI, ICDM, SIGIR, and WSDM.   -Forthcoming first-authored book on data science from Cambridge University Press.   -PhD research focusing on machine learning with inaccurate labels and misinformation, with Dr. Huan Liu, an AAAI, AAAS, ACM and IEEE fellow at ASU.
My focus areas are Machine Learning and AI, especially in Deep Learning, Computer Vision and Reinforcement Learning for Energy and Data Center Optimization. I bring 6+ years' experience in Data Science, Software Engineering and IoT from United States, India, and Norway.  Email:  rrbhatia [AT] alumni.cmu.edu  Data Science: TensorFlow, OpenCV, Keras, R, Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Nose, nolearn, Weka, Tableau Technologies: Python, Java, R
Back to campus to study in Data Science at Northwestern University. -------------------    Experienced Product Manager with diverse experiences and skills in Technology, Engineering and Management    10+ Year Experience with proven track record in - Product Ideation, Product Concept Visualization and Rapid Prototyping - End-to-End Product Management - Collaboration with Distributed Cross-Functional Team and Third Parties - Global Partnership  in RandD Team Management   7+ Year Experience in Agile Development and Process as a Certified Scrum Master
Text Mining and IR Researcher. Interested in problems in NLP, biomedical and social media text mining, and data pre-processing. Currently working in health-care industry in the area of value-based care and payer-provider analytics.
With an extended experience in telecom, speech and signal processing, electronics engineering, I apply data science principles in today's challenging problems; I have entrepreneurial experience and mindset and I believe in collaborative leadership, as opposed to a rigid hierarchical system.  Specialties: Machine Learning, Modelling, Simulation, Signal Processing, Algorithm Design, Wireless Systems.
Hiring talent to democratize the commerce, money and payments in Latin America,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the automotive industry. Skilled in Data Transformation, Oozie, Apache Spark, Github, and Data Analysis. Strong information technology professional graduated from University of Michigan.,
After spending nearly 10 years in applying Machine Learning to solve real world problems - I’ve decided to go freelance.   I’m passionate about helping companies address their most pressing business issues using data. Previously worked with the likes of Porsche AG, Maersk, Standard Bank, Vodafone, Thyssen Krupp, Audi, BSKYB, Royal Mail, RBS during my time at Microsoft and Accenture across a variety of projects.,
Data Scientist with 4+ years of experience worked at various Organisations as part of the 'Analytics and AI' team. The role involved working on the analytics of large agile driven Machine Learning projects, as part of a wider multidisciplinary team to deliver insights and implement action-oriented solutions to complex business problems.  My role involves Analysing, Predictive modelling, Machine learning, NLP in R and python, Also Business Intelligence using Tableau for RandD purposes at my recent company.  •	Experience in Data Analysis, Business Intelligence, Predictive Modelling, Fraud detection, Database Management and Risk Management. •	Knowledge and Experience working with Python for Data Modelling and Data Prediction, Manipulation - open to R, Python and Java. •	Good knowledge of SQL and experience with a version control system (e.g. Git). •	Experience working with reporting and visualization tools (e.g. R Shiny, Tableau, d3.Js, Power BI, QlikView etc.) •	Familiarity with machine learning libraries and frameworks such as (sci-kit-learn, Tensor flow, PyTorch, Plumber
Machine Learning / Data Science / Speech Technology
Experience in solving business problems using advanced analytics. - Experience in building predictive analytics models using Python, R, Spark and AzureML and delivering training. - Experience in building prescriptive analytics models based on mathematical optimization and machine learning. - Experience in managing RandD teams. - Interested in predictive analytics and big data consulting. - Researcher in machine learning, optimization (non-convex and convex) and computer vision - Good experience in image analysis (specially in remote sensing), deep learning, stochastic models and NLP. - I have a good programming level.,ahmed_gamaleldn,
Development team leader and a software engineer •	Passionate about software architecture and design •	Highly innovative •	Fast learner •	Team player
,ClaudiuMihaila,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in backend development, big data and data science, aimed at becoming a full stack data scientist. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Computer Applications (M.C.A.) from Peking University.
A Ph.D. in Electrical and Computer Engineering with experience in research and product development. I specialize in Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP), and Information Retrieval.
February 24,Data scientist with background in data analytics and media advertising.,
I'm a Data Scientist with experience in Data Analysis and Visualization. I love working with data in order to get insights that could help in solving a problem or leads to birth of a new product.  My mission is to be part of a great team in the field of Data Science/ Machine Learning to make the best use of Artificial Intelligence technology to help the businesses grow much faster.  Most of my skills in:  - Machine Learning (Python), - Data Analysis,  - Data Visualization, - Programming and Algorithms, - Tableau.,SamehAdel10,
I have over 15 years experience in the intersection between behavioral health and predictive analytics. I've worked for major companies like IBM and Microsoft and their clients. I have had extensive experience in corporate and government verticals.  My particular strength is in taking qualitative research or business problems and turning those into repeatable quantitative solutions that deploy at larger scale. I also employ soft skills and systematic methodologies to gain consensus.  ​ I utilize a process to determine the business problem, quantify it, determine the data systems that are pertinent , the quality of the data that is there, and to diagnose how long the modeling stage would take,dawnmdaras
EXPERIENCE:   •	Data Scientist  •	Software Developer •	Technical Consultant •	Researcher  TECHNICAL SKILLS:  •	Data wrangling and data mining •Predictive modeling and statistical analysis •	Optimization •	Machine learning: regression, classification and clustering analysis  TOOLS: •	SQL and NoSQL Databases (MS SQL, MySQL, MongoDB) •	Programming/Analytics (Java, Python, R,  MATLAB, Excel, SPSS, Tableau) •	Data Visualization (D3.js, dimple.js, CSS) •	Big Data (Familiar with Hadoop, Hive, MapReduce) •	AWS technology stack,
Undergraduate at Nanyang Technological University's Double Degree Programme in Business and Computing. An aspiring Financial Technologist hoping to tap on the power of technology to enhance the financial sector.  I developed expertise in computing through exposure to innovative technologies.
I have 20 years experience in Software Development with lots of AI and ML experience in Search and Collaboration as well as Financial Prediction and modeling.,
I am passionate about driving impact and solving challenging problems using data, statistics, and machine learning.,
Social media specialist with successful corporate experience at Microsoft Research and Canon Corporation. Expert at analyzing and modeling Internet user behavior through statistical and social network analysis. Effective in presenting and explaining specialized information to a general audience and applying research results to potential product innovations. Proficient in Japanese.  Specialties: Social network analysis, large-scale data analysis,
PhD student in audio signal processing/music tech. Currently working at Center for Digital Music, School of Computer Science and Electronic engineering, Queen Mary University of London. Research interests include: Audio Signal Processing, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Signal Processing, Music Information Retrieval, and Intelligent Production.,
Significant experience deploying ML/AI to production.,
8 years experienced, meticulous and detail-oriented Data Analytics Expert and R Specialist possessing a proven track record of driving user growth, boosting user retention and enhancing market share by deploying Big Data Ecosystem components, techniques and best practices. Adept at Predictive/Statistical Modelling and performing deep dive for gaining actionable insights to benefit key stakeholders and facilitate sound decision-making. Proficient in data mining and data visualization to deliver compelling business value to clients and successfully execute projects.
PhD, Certified Advanced SAS Programmer, Microsoft Certified Professional.  A well-rounded analyst with many years of professional and managerial experience in mathematical modeling, data mining, and forecasting applied to science, engineering, marketing and finances with a strong theoretical background in Mathematics, Economics, and Computer Sciences.  My objective is to become a Director of Analytics/ Principal Scientist / Consultant or similar in a great company to utilize my experience, accomplishments and proficiency.  Specialties: • Proficiency in  R, python, SQL, SAS, perl, awk, VB/VBA,  C#, big data
I'm interested in using machine learning to solve real world problems.   In the past, I've used computer vision/ConvNets to build a heavy equipment image classifier, I've mined agent comments to derive specific information about property listings, and I've run counterfactual auction reconstructions to help optimize ad campaigns.  On the coding side, I've written features in the Windows Desktop Search Indexer back-end, I created a website + custom index to help search internal BigData queries, and I've implemented a custom in-memory store for serving Sparql queries over Freebase RDF triplets much faster than Virtuoso.,
Specialties:  Machine Learning. Data analytics. Fault diagnosis. Anomaly detection. Text mining.  Energy efficient building solutions. Renewable energy integration. Supervisory control. Control system design. Time series analysis.
I am currently working as a Data Scientist in the Global Data Platform group at Johnson Controls (Milwaukee).,VaidhyanathanV
CS master in UI, research in Compressed Deep Neural Networks deployable on mobile for medical Image Classification.  Business data experience from work experience in GHRO team of Microsoft (BJ,CN). Passion in playing and applying ML/DL tech in data world. Aim to be an expert ML Engineer.,
I Love to blend Data Science with Product Management and the results is awesome.,MrBriit,
Byungkyu (Jay) Kang received a Ph.D. in Computer Science in March 2016, and currently holds a data scientist position at Intuit AI. Before joining Intuit, he also worked as a data scientist at Nokia and as a visiting research scholar at the IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center in New York. His current focuses revolve around data science and is particularly interested in artificial intelligence, data mining and visualization, and human-centered computing (HCI). His research on Intelligent User Interfaces focuses on modeling, identifying and recommending reliable, high-quality information on social media. His work has been supported by the National Science Foundation and the U.S. Army Research Laboratory. He received the Best Paper Award at IEEE SocialCom in 2013. He holds an MS in Computer Science from UCSB and a degree in Electrical Engineering from Chung-ang University.  Dr. Kang has also worked as a researcher and a system engineer in industry, at Adobe Research, Yahoo! Labs, KIST, Samsung, and IBM.,penguinkang
Passionate about machine learning, predictive modeling, and solving difficult problems. I specialize in creating and optimizing algorithms to run very quickly on very large data sets.,
Passionate about applying and implementing technologies to solve intellectually challenging and real problems,
Experienced Graduate Research Assistant with 4+ years of research experience in applying machine learning algorithms and statistical methods to real-world problems. Actively Looking for full-time data scientist positions. Proficient in statistical and data analytics packages in Python, R and Spark.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the investment banking industry. Skilled in Python, Big Data Analytics, Tableau, SQL, and Visual Basic for Applications (VBA). Strong engineering professional with a Master's degree focused in Information management - Big data in business from Henley Business School.,
I work in data analysis and algorithms. I have been fortunate enough to work with massive datasets and practitioners at the University of Utah, University of Michigan, at Microsoft Research, Qualtrics and at Google.    Right now, I work on the Personalization team at Wayfair as a data scientist helping recommend ads to customers.  Past data science and processing projects including:  1) Using careful variants of projection trees for fast hashing and classification on video data for the XBox  team.  2) Devising Minimum-Enclosing-Ball metrics on wifi signals for accurate hierarchical clustering of location data for Google.  3) Using bidirectional LSTMs for opinion extraction for Qualtrics.  4) Lemmatization, tokenization and processing of multilingual data in multiple languages for fast search and indexing.  5) Building out a fast, scalable solution for searchable encrypted data.  6) Emerging topic detection using term novelty and pattern mining.  While my current focus is personalization, I retain interest in nearest neighbor search (from grad school) and in text-analytics.  I am a US Green Card holder, so I don't need any sponsorships.
engineer and problem solver with passion and curiosity who has received degrees in three totally different majors (B.S. from Biomedical Engineering, M.S. from Control Theory, and Ph.D. from Computer Science). Dr. Luo has demonstrated exceptional research track records on core and applied machine learning with rich system design and implementation experience and multi-level communication skills.  Dr. Luo has over 10 years experience in Machine Learning/Data Mining and over 15 years in software development, proven track records in delivering intelligent systems to product with impacts, and published over 30 papers being cited for more than 300 times in top conferences and journals.
12+ years of Predictive analysis, Data science and Machine Learning experience. Dedicated to achieving growth through new initiatives and improving the design and execution of innovative techniques to find deeper insights and discoveries within the data. •	Extensively used structured and unstructured big data querying from SQL databases using programming languages like Python and R. •	Applied machine learning algorithms, logistic regression, random forest, SVM, Neural Networks, k-means, to address consumer retention, churn and recommendation systems using Python (Scikit-learn). •	Analyzed and visualized geospatial data sets using Python (Panda, Seaborn, matplotlib) and Tableau. •	Applied Natural language processing to classify Foursquare online review based on the text content in the review using Python (NLKT). •	Performed fraud detection analysis using deep learning (Python TensorFlow) and random forest classifications (Python Scikit-learn). •	Analyzed content-based and collaborative-filtering movie recommender system using Apache Spark with Scala on Databricks and AWS. •	Cloud computing experience: Microsoft Azure, AWS, and IBM cloud.,
Data Scientist and Research Scientist with 7 years' industry experience, background in environmental science, and track record of developing useful algorithms and datasets for the hydrological community.  Programming: Python (H2O, Statsmodels, SciKit-Learn, Pandas, GeoPandas, NumPy, SciPy, Xarray, Bokeh, Plotly/Dash, MapBox), Flask/HTML, SQL, R, Perl
Experienced Deep Learning Scientist with specialisation in CNNs. Total 18  years of software development experience.,
Hi! I'm Aimee, and I recently graduated from Rice University with a master degree in Statistics. I'm currently a Data Scientist at Yahoo in Sunnyvale, CA. My job is to create experiment and analyze audience data to support product development. I have lived in China, Germany, Canada and US. I embrace different cultures and like to know new people and learn new things.,
Through my education and professional experience, I have developed skills for breaking down complex problems into smaller solvable ones, and for conveying ideas to different types of audiences.  I am currently enjoying a challenging job that allows me to utilize my detail-oriented analytic and computer proficiencies for a purpose that ultimately impacts people's lives. I aim at acquiring new skills and enhancing existing ones, and at uncovering best practices in the work I do. My goal is to continually learn and to stretch myself.,
Experienced in various Big Data software development project in major banks and companies in Thailand. Specialist in Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, NoSQL, Machine learning, and High performance Computing. Studying in Master of Computer Engineering at King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi.
I currently work as a Data Scientist at Osmose Utilities Services Inc. on Computer Vision and Machine Learning use cases.  I graduated from the University of Minnesota in May 2019 with a Master of Science degree in Data Science. I am really excited to continue pursuing Data Science as my career path going ahead.  Prior to this, I graduated in 2015 with an Integrated Masters of Science degree in Applied Mathematics from IIT Roorkee. I have worked for 2 years as a Data Science Associate Consultant at CenturyLink Cognilytics and I am proficient in programming languages such as R, Python, and SQL.  I am a technology enthusiast eager to solve data problems by applying various predictive modeling techniques and algorithms. I love to brainstorm challenging problems and be a complete team player in any kind of collaborative work.  Apart from Tech, I play Basketball and listen to music genres like Jazz, EDM, Fusion, and Indian Classical.  I aspire to contribute significantly to the field of Machine Learning and Deep Learning.,KrisChat22,
AI in Healthcare | Computer Vision | Robotics | Machine Learning | Deep Learning
I have been working in machine learning / data mining / medical informatics / security informatics domains. My works were in both academia and industrial.   My research papers could be found here: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=phlGr4kAAAAJandhl=en,
Engineer and data scientist. A rational optimist. The cup is upper confidence bound full. Passionate about achieving the highest standards using formal methods and intuition.*  *big data disguised as small data with rich priors, and the subconscious treatment of unstated assumptions.,
Always seeking challenging problems to solve using AI - with over 20 years of experience leading and developing projects in Data Science, Machine Learning, Predictive Analytics, Text Analytics, Artificial Intelligence and Software Design. I have led numerous teams and projects, designing and developing, state-of-the-art intelligent applications for the world's largest software companies. At Vontobel we are using AI, Cloud, and a Data-Driven approach to deliver new insights and revenue opportunities across our businesses. Prior to Vontobel, I developed novel, large-scale Social Analytics solutions using Deep Learning for Microsoft and its customers. As a member of the Oracle Advanced Analytics team for 15+ years, I was a key contributor to the integration of Data Mining algorithms and Predictive Analytics into the Oracle database. I led the design and development of Oracle Predictive Analytics which made its debut in Oracle 11g. As a contributing member of the open standard Data Mining Group I helped develop PMML (Predictive Model Markup Language). I have led project development and data science teams, presented and chaired sessions at ICMLA (International Conference on Machine Learning and Applications) and MLADS (Machine Learning, Analytics and Data Science), and participated in numerous KDD (Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining) and NIPS/NeurIPS (Neural Information Processing Systems) conferences. I have designed, authored and been granted numerous patents within the fields of Data Mining, Predictive Analytics and Artificial Intelligence. I was the lead Data Scientist for BMW Oracle Racing during the team's victorious challenge of the 33rd Americas's Cup.  Specialties: Artificial Intelligence, Data Science
Karan is currently a Data Scientist at AWS (Amazon Web Services). He completed his Master in Data Science from Columbia University. He has worked extensively in the area of Recommender systems, CNN (Convolution Neural Networks ) and NLP (Natural Language Processing). Check out some of his work on github.com/kskaran94  Currently exploring the domain of Health care and Machine Learning. Latest projects include nasal swab flu detection, Early prediction of sepsis and Apathy in Parkinson's disease.,kskaran94,
Data Science professional passionate about energy. Currently working on data analysis of unconventional reservoirs with statistical methods.  Specialties: Data science, Machine Learning Algorithms, SQL, Python, R, Azure ML, Business Analytics (Excel), Statistics for data analysis, MATLAB, Petroleum Softwares (CMG IMEX, PVTsim),
I am currently an MBA candidate at Kellogg School of Management where I am majoring in Finance, Entrepreneurship, and Management Science (STEM). I also work as a Data scientist at Northwestern University, Feinberg School of Medicine.   I am highly proficient and have significant experience in the areas of Data Science, Machine learning, Natural language processing and Deep learning. I have worked on several projects applying advanced analytics techniques to patient healthcare data and published research papers in leading medical journals and presented at international conferences. Some of my publications can be found here https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=JPKDrLoAAAAJandhl=en.  In the past, I have worked at Microsoft Research India, National University of Singapore and Google Summer of Code in various research positions. I have significant programming experience and am proficient in Python, R and Java.
Machine Learning : Supervised Learning (Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Naive Bayes, SVM, Random Forest, Boosting), Unsupervised Learning (PCA, Clustering) •	Deep Learning : CNN, RNNs (LSTM, GRU), Image/Text classification, NLP, Sentiment Analysis, Time Series Analysis, Deep Q-Learning. •	Libraries : Keras, Tensorflow, Scikit-learn, NLTK
I am a statistician who is interested in understanding data and digging signals via statistical modeling. My work involves developing metrics and methods to track long-term success of web services, and to detect key drivers of user engagement and verify them rigorously through statistical approaches. I am keen on developing novel statistical methods to solve real data problem.,tabaaway
Developer. Fascinated about the Algorithms like Bogosort, PageRank, Matching algorithm etc...
I am a senior data scientist at Netflix focusing on Experimentation, Product Data Analytics and Personalization/Recommendations for Netflix messaging.   My main interests are AB testing (online controlled experimentation), quantitative analytics, machine learning, data science and optimization.  Computer Skills: Python, SQL, R, Spark, Hive, Scala and etc. Specialties:  Optimization, Machine Learning, Game Theory, Data Science, Wireless Communications, Economics Key Characteristics: Proactive, Open-minded, Quick Learner Personal Strengths: Leadership, Accountability
DS Tech Lead in Market Growth and Machine Learning.  Expertise: • Customer targeting and engagement • Forecasting using machine learning • Personalized recommendations • Social graph and social relationship inference
Data scientist with 10 years of experience working with large-scale business applications, statistics and Machine learning models. Architected and developed back-office systems to automate and analyze data. Working on NLP, deep learning applications and generative models,apsivakumar,
I graduated from the Master's program at the University of Southern California with 3.67 GPA in Viterbi School of Engineering. My interests are Signal Processing, Data Science, and Machine Learning. I have a background in Operations Research and Electrical Engineering which reinforced my analytical thinking, mathematical modeling problem-solving skills. I believe that Machine Learning and Data Science can have a significant impact on achieving rapid and elegant solutions to various business problems.  I am also a decent snowboarder and a vinyl collector.
A versatile data enthusiast with diverse experiences in quantitative analyses and deep passion in product personalization to understand and find innovative ways to improve users' experiences. A strong team player who enjoys working with cross-functional teams and collaborating with peers to exchange ideas and build end-to-end solutions.
Excellence through collaboration and innovation.    I am a recognized leader in data, with a strength in understanding the role that data plays within an organization.  With growing concerns around privacy combined with the exploding fields of artificial intelligence and machine learning, it is important to properly assess and evaluate how organizations can take advantage of the new trends in data.  My background in data science is the foundation to understanding these trends, quickly innovating with purpose, and then building long-term roadmaps.  Moreover, I have proven to be effective at connecting people and resources, both internal and across organizations in order to create value.  My experience:  -	Data Strategy:  Assess and build roadmaps for organizations to harness the power of data from sourcing to deployment -	Business Development: Understand, design, and execute on data driven solutions to solve key business challenges -      Machine Learning: Knowledgeable with statistical modelling techniques, machine learning, and AI  -      Innovation: Assess new trends in data and AI, and understand the impact and opportunity to businesses -      Ventures: Screen analytics companies for partnership, acquisition, or investment potential -      Governance: Understand the unique challenges surrounding the use of data and privacy, ethics, and legal issues.  Acted as a champion for data usage, innovation
Data Scientist with 4 years of experience in data science and engineering. Though I consider my self a data science generalist, my experiences concentrate in forecasting and time series analysis. I have implemented solutions for classification, regression, clustering, and forecasting problems using techniques such as ARIMA, ETS, STL, Elastic Net, Random Forest, Boosted Tree, KNN, PCA, K-Means, and ensemble learning. Tools I regularly use are Python, SQL, R, Jupyter Notebook, Git
Multidisciplinary by nature, with a wide range of interests and experience, from data mining, explainable AI, machine learning, deep learning and advance data analysis; to neuroscience, cognitive science, psychiatry and music. Combine strong analytical and computational skills, together with creativity, excellence, and integrative abilities.  Specialties: Machine Learning, Data mining,  Explainable AI, Anomaly Detection, Behavior Modeling,  Advance Statistics
Life is NOT fair!  We all know this to be true. Just as an example, the World Health Organization (WHO) estimates, close to 13% of the people in the world are currently starving. However, we cannot conclude that there isn’t enough food to go around; the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) estimates close to 40% of food produced in US goes to waste. This is a textbook example of how we can utilize data and technology to draw meaningful inferences and create solutions that have a tangible, positive affect on the lives of people. Basically, I am interested in creating solutions that makes our lives slightly less unfair!  What sets me apart from most candidates?  I have had the rare privilege of learning and contributing to diverse domains such as academic, research and corporate. I started out my professional journey through Microsoft, where I worked with some of the brightest minds of the industry, consulted with Microsoft’s biggest clients and gained in-depth insight into their products and IP’s. My research experience involved working as a RA at the Indian Institute of Science (India’s premier research institute), revolving around the realms of Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, NLP and Neural networks. I worked on multiple interdisciplinary projects and served as TA for the Introduction to Artificial Intelligence and Applications course taught there. I decided to pursue my masters at Carnegie Mellon to further hone my skills in management and data analysis.,
I am an entrepreneur with keen interests in tech development and business management. I am currently focused on providing B2B solutions in machine learning, business analytics and location-based services to enterprise clients in the retail, real estate, and the public sectors. I actively assist my CEO in project management, client communications and product quality assurance to gain practical business experience. I also apply my strong policy background to consult private equity firms and their affiliates on economic policies and elections.   Focus: Economics, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Text Mining
Build AI Products with Business Impact; Mentor and drive Data Science Excellence  Expertise: AI Project and Product Management ; Leadership and Mentoring NLP ; Deep Learning ; Social Network Analysis; Computational Cognition  .
Hybrid ResearchandDevelopment experience across Industry and Academia, specialize in Data Analytics and Data Science. • Industry experience in Big Data Mining, Decision Science, Statistical Models and Methods (eg. regression analysis, hypothesis testing, text mining, clustering...) • Hands-on experience on R, SQL and large scale computing systems like Microsoft COSMOS (similar with Hadoop) • Research experience in Image System and Image Algorithm development, High Performance Computing (12+ Publications) • Project management experience in Clinical Trials Management,
I'm an experienced Software Engineer with many years of experience working as systems and application developer, as data engineer and as data architect.  I thrive working with data and have expert level skills in data mining and have solved complex and huge problems of the day.  I’ve excellent interpersonal and communication skills.  I’ve worked across teams, managing team and customer facing.  I’ve domain expertise in Web Technologies, IoT, Advertising and Targeting.  My incessant curiosity to understand and explain and educate others landed me into Data Science field.  I’m interested in pursuing role in Data Analytics and Data Science.  Technical Skills Summary: Linux, C, C++, Java, Python, Perl, R, Bash, Hive, SQL, Hadoop, Spark, Oracle, MySQL
Oregon,Computer scientist and software developer.  Specialties: - Research experience in  HPC, systems, and computer architecture. - big data analytics: statistics, visualization, machine learning. - Parallel and distributed programming. - Performance optimization and tuning. - Data Science and machine learning algorithms.,
I am an experienced data scientist with a passion for extracting actionable insights out of data and presenting them in compelling ways. My education and experience in engineering, business, and data science allow me to approach problems from multiple angles and to tackle them in a holistic and deliberate fashion. I thrive in multi-stakeholder settings, acting as the hub between engineers, marketers, product managers, designers, and other data scientists. I love to experiment and work with others on novel solutions to hard problems. I measure success based on whether I learn something new every day.  Tools: Python, SQL, Hadoop, Linux, Hive, Tableau, R, Pig, AWS
I am a mathematician and data scientist, most recently at Microsoft deriving and applying algorithms for data mining and analytic tools.   I am open to remote and part-time work  My prior background includes deriving and applying data mining algorithms for the US Department of Defense and Microsoft, applied graph theory, modeling, network security, network consulting, and teaching both in the classroom and online.,
Data Scientist with a 3+ years of experience working in the e-commerce industry. Skilled in Business Analytics, Machine Learning, Python, SQL, R and MS-Excel. Worked on data-driven solutions involving Recommendations, Personalization, Forecasting etc. to solve for real world business use cases. Interned with Microsoft IT around REST enabling some of their internal web services for performance enhancement. Completed B.Tech in Computer Engineering from Sardar Vallabhbhai National Institute of Technology (NIT Surat) with a GPA of 9.14.
Data scientist | Machine learning Engineer | Cloud facilitator. Working towards spreading AI and Learning from best in field.
Experienced professional in data analysis and insight generation with years of hands-on work over data processing, modelling, visualization etc.  Experienced team lead of analytics managing service delivery and collaboration with service partners.  Well-recognized business partner for stakeholder management from different domains including but not limited to commercial, marketing, controlling, supply chain, distribution, human resource as well as compliance and quality.
Ad­-Technology­-Specialist and Entrepreneur with 17+ years experience in the online­-industry. Strong experience in Targeting, RTB­-Technologies and Product­-Development with focus on identifying the best solution for Advertisers and Publishers. 4+ years of committee work for technical and targeting units at AGOF, IVW and BVDW. Learning about new technologies, adopting best­-practises and building successful products is my passion.  In my free time i like to work with Big Data, natural language processing and all kind of structured-data... if my wife allows it.
Mathematics graduate with two Master's degrees, years of practical experience in software development, data science, and finance, and a strong interest in all things concerning machine learning, cryptography, and number theory. My unique background allows me to both understand the maths behind machine learning algorithms and implement the whole pipeline end-to-end, from data acquisition over processing and model training to the application.  * Data Science: numpy, scipy, pandas, matplotlib, scikit-learn, jupyter * Using the Python data science stack to rapidly analyse and visualise data * Machine Learning: Regression, decision trees, SVM, neural networks, NER
data science, machine learning,
I head the data science team and effort at Kernel Labs. Kernel Labs is a startup studio that incubates early stage team and product focusing on machine learning, computer vision and security. Our team provide data science service to the incubator and portfolio companies, including prototype machine learning system, create and manage ML infrastructure and data pipeline, identify novel intellectual property and communicate machine learning concepts to fellow engineers, management and investors.  In additional to data science work in industry, I enjoy doing research on theories with well motivated applications. My academic research interests include  	• Mathematical optimization theory, algorithms and applications: convex analysis, first-order and second-order methods, robust and stochastic optimization 	• Statistical learning: deep neural network, distributed inference and prediction, online learning 	• Distributed optimization over graph: distributed consensus, robust flow problem   I obtained my master and PhD degrees in Electrical Engineering and a master degree in Applied Mathematics from University of Washington. During my school years, I was fortunate working with research labs including Microsoft Research, IBM Research and Mitsubishi Research to develop algorithms for very broad applications.,
Data Scientist, C# and Python developer, search engineer, strong communicator and creative thinker with over 15 years of consulting experience in Enterprise Search and Big Data. Focused on original and innovative solutions. Examples of creative designs in projects include:  - Searching for chemicals by drawing them - Finding oil drilling sites by classifying content with geological taxonomies - Mapping search results - Localizing Refiners - Making FAST multi-tenant - Entity Extraction with Regular Expressions - Devised a system for interpreting phrase searches as prioritizing phrase matches in the FAST ImPulse product, without excluding non-phrase matches.  Architected many large Enterprise Search implementations across industries, including BP, Best Buy, Merck, McGraw Hill, Barnes and Noble, Goldman Sachs, Ernst and Young, the US Department of Justice, Dell, Xerox, CambridgeSoft (now PerkinElmer) and Kraft.  I was part of the development team for the FAST ImPulse product that now runs bestbuy.com and many more e-commerce sites.   Versatile with all levels of an organization. I have led both customer development teams as well as strategic workshops with management, often in parallel
I am an experienced tech lead and applied researcher thriving to combine my strong soft skills with my creativity. I have more than ten years of experience in data-driven research and development. I love exploring new territories and during my professional career I have been given the opportunity to work in areas such as for instance audio, video, network, computer vision, natural language processing, and machine learning, both as an individual contributor as well as a leader.
I am a data analytics professional and I am passionate about the impact of analytics in attaining business insights for better business decisions. I have in-depth knowledge with proven experience in intelligence reporting and analytics subject matter areas, including data science, machine learning, business intelligence and financial reporting.   I am currently a Market Insights Manager at KPMG and i leverage data and analytics to provide accurate, consistent and meaningful insights that enable partners and business leaders to drive growth and make intelligent, data-driven business decisions. Prior to KPMG, I was a data scientist with Ontario Ministry of Education (EDU) where i built descriptive and predictive analytics model on childcare datasets to aid the business in making insightful decisions, and a Program Manager at Microsoft where I use data analytics to manage marketing incentives programs for SMB and CSP (Cloud Solutions Provider) Partners. I have also held various analyst roles in telecommunications, commercial insurance and consumer goods where I utilized my data analytics skills to analyze business data and present actionable insights to aid the organization for better business decisions.  During my studies in physics and mathematics at Queen’s university, I developed a keen interest in the impact of data on decision making, which ignited my passion for data analytics.  When not crunching numbers and data, you can find me reading, cooking or unwinding with family and friends.,yinksaa
Data Sciences Enthusiast | Analyzing Data | Machine Learning | AI Technician | Azure HDInsights
I'm a data scientist with a deep interest in computational social science. I'm also an active angel investor  backing founders who use technology to eradicate these 3 enduring societal issues:  1. The inefficient consumption of resources 2. Lack of information and misinformation 3. The prevalence of non-cooperative games in socio-economic and political interactions  Specifically, these are areas I will tend to invest in:  1. Data instrumentation technologies (eg: affective computing algorithms, new diagnostic sensors) 2. Dataset refinement technologies (including data-matching, data processing and data integration) 3. Knowledge marketplaces 4. Resource sharing economy/collaborative consumption platforms 5. Next-Gen Sharing Economy infrastructure (including asset, specialized logistics, identity, 3d printing platforms) 6. Mediums that allow people to share more kinds of experiences and innovate on ways to forge bonds between people 7. Business networks that build tools for cooperative business interactions through harnessing common knowledge and interdependence,amedhat_m,
Data Jedi with experience in presenting, developing  and documenting advanced analytics/ machine learning solutions.  Deep Learning, NLP, Machine Learning: Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forests, GBM, SVM, Cluster Analysis,ensemble models, Neural Networks, CNN, RNN, LSTM, GRU.   Skills: Keras,  Tensorflow, Python, R
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working with global enterprise customers on machine learning projects.  Skilled in Python, computer vision, NLP and probabilistic models.  Master of Philosophy (M.Phil.) focused in Advanced Computer Science (Machine Learning orientation) from University of Cambridge.,
Data Science professional, having good expertise on various Machine learning and Statistical techniques. Leveraged my programming and analytical skills to play an instrumental role in developing a Data Science Product and also to solve various business problems.  I intend to use my technical skills to solve real world business problems and thus provide a value to the stakeholders. I enjoy problem solving, extracting Insights from the data, story boarding and participate in data science challenges.   Programming  , Statistical Programming: R, Python  , Database Programming: SQL   , Data Visualization: Tableau, QlikView, R Shiny, ggplot2  Statistical Modeling  , Linear Regression  , Generalized Linear Models(GLM)  , Logistic Regression  , Time Series    Supervised Learning  , K-nearest neighbors  , Decision Trees  , Support Vector Machines  , Neural Networks  , Naïve Bayes  Unsupervised Learning  , K-means clustering  , Hierarchical clustering  , Anomaly Detection  , Recommendation Engines  Ensemble Techniques  , Random Forests  , Gradient Boosting Machines  , Bagging  , Boosting  , Stacking/Blending
Passionate Data Scientist looking to apply machine learning techniques to complex problems. Background as a hands-on engineer with a deep knowledge and understanding of the development of electro-mechanical products. Able to lead teams in all phases of the project from planning and documentation through execution and closure. Capable of generating and implementing creative solutions to complex problems.
Machine learning, statistics, software development, and project leadership.
Versatile leader with over 15 years of experience and a history of producing double-digit revenue growth by leveraging analytics as the basis for strategic planning. Recruited and developed top-performing teams at Microsoft and Deloitte. Winner of Microsoft Gold Star Award. Respected thought leader, author, and influencer in field of Internet-based video services, mobile products, and information technology. Reputation for spurring innovation, inclusion, and continuous improvement.   In 2012, I elected to take a 6-year hiatus to focus on family. During this time, I sold a successful business and served in leadership roles for 2 international non-profits. This period has been gratifying in many ways. Now that my children are older, I am excited to return to a full-time career. Passionate about consumer experiences.
Applied scientist and software engineer with a speciality in data science, information retrieval and text mining. Experience in working with a wide range of numeric and textual data sources, such as, urban data, photo annotations, news articles, Wikipedia, academic and educational texts.  Has worked within academia and large research organisations but his main expertise and heart lies in helping early stage startups putting their ideas into action through prototypes and production systems.  Fiction writer with special interest in short stories and flash fiction. Self-published collections of stories, with more publications in the pipeline.,borkurdotnet,
My deepest passion is working closely with friends and colleagues to solve hard technical problems. I do programming, data science, optimization, machine learning, and systems design, to develop internet services that millions of people care about ...,gordonrios,
Machine learning | Crypto enthusiast
Shibsankar is working as a Data Scientist WalmartLabs, Prior to that he had worked at Envestnet | Yodlee, Microsoft Research and Capgemini. He had been awarded “40 Under 40 Data Scientists” by Analytics India Magazine for demonstrating expertise in foundational Machine Learning and Analytics, particularly in Deep Learning, Generative Models and Deep Reinforcement Learning. He hold a master's degree from Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore.   Area of Expertise: 1. Machine Learning 2. Deep Learning 3. Generative Adversarial Networks 4. Deep Reinforcement Learning  My current engagements are as follows: 1. Data Scientist WalmartLabs 2. Writer TowardsDataScience 3. Author Analytics India Magazine 4. Mentor SpringBoard,
Data scientist with extensive experience developing and deploying enterprise wide solutions. Deep knowledge of supply chain design and optimization. Multi-million dollar business impact through better customer service and cost reduction. Love to coach technical and non-technical people.  Specialties:  Building analytics teams Supply chain optimization: Network Optimization, Inventory Optimization, Logistics Optimization and Revenue Management Machine learning, Forecasting, Optimization (LP, MIP, Derivative Free), Software development at scale
I have a flair for Computer Science and Engineering, always ready to learn and adapt latest technologies and tools, keen to take up leading-edge research and strive to make significant contributions in all my pursuits collaborating with my peers and superiors.  I am an independent thinker and learner with excellent oral and verbal communication skills.  Proficient in C, C++, C# and Core Java, JScript, HTML, XAML and XML, on Microsoft Windows, Windows Phone Android and Linux platforms with hands-on coding and application development. I am a Certified Application Developer – Microsoft Windows Phone 7 and Windows 8. As part of my co-curricular and extra curricular passion on technology, I have published papers in popular research journals.,
Accomplished researcher and creator of innovative, patented technologies related to information retrieval, behavioral modeling, content organization, interaction design and analytics. Author of numerous academic publications including: a textbook on Web information seeking and knowledge work, articles on human-computer interfaces, data mining and analysis, personalization for information retrieval and recommender systems, as well as numerous definitive works on information architecture methodologies and managing research teams.  Highly effective software architect and designer with over 25 years of experience. Creator of multiple commercially successful consumer and enterprise applications including search systems, Web applications, Content Management Systems, CASE tools, desktop utilities, information management tools, mobile interfaces and eCommerce Web sites.  Computer Science Research including Intellectual Property (patents) Research, Evaluation and Design.   Experience includes work in Mobile Computing, Web technologies, Information Science, Information Retrieval (IR)
Business analyst, data scientist and technical instructor with extensive experience in the tech industry and a background in economics, statistics and scientific research.,
Data is just a raw material until it is processed and developed into insight, automation, and vision. I am looking for opportunities to help organizations make their data work for them by applying my skills in artificial intelligence development and analytics.,
Experience includes engineering, machine learning, tech, VC/PE, management consulting, teaching, and entrepreneurship, in China, Europe, and the US.,
Engineering Manager and Research Scientist with vast experience in the areas of Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Data Mining, Information Extraction, Deep Learning, Search and Artificial Intelligence. 
I am an applied researcher with a multi-disciplinary background in engineering, computer science, and mathematical modeling. I have hands-on experience in developing machine learning and signal processing algorithms for healthcare applications. I’m capable to manage the delivery of a research project and/or product from A-Z. I also have experience in product development, project management, and business development.,
I'm a PhD candidate at the University of Maryland and will be joining NYU Stern as an Assistant Professor starting July 2020. I extensively use Econometrics and AI/ML techniques to address empirical questions on power/information disparities between different sides in multi-sided platforms. Currently, I focus on online platforms (mobile, sharing economy etc) as well as entrepreneurial platforms (such as seed accelerators).  An MBA from FMS Delhi (University of Delhi) and a Bachelor in Engineering from VTU (PESIT), my corporate experiences include stints with Microsoft, Cisco Systems, Olam International, Singapore, and the Mahindra Group (GMC program).
Hands on experience : Machine Learning, Computer Vision, Text mining, Big data, Application development. - Languages : Java, Python, R, Scala. - Tools and Frameworks : Keras, Spark, Hadoop, Sqoop, Phoenix, Solr, Weka, WordNet. - Interests : Big data technologies and application development.,
Currently studying Business Analytics at UCLA with Statistics undergraduate background; skilled in Data Science, Data Analysis, Statistics, and Research; and familiar with SPSS, Stata, SAS, R, SQL, C++, and Python.
Web Development (ASP.NET) - Database Development (SQL Server) - Ability to manage a team, to take responsibility of the team, projects and clients - Familiar with Agile and Scrum methodologies and system values - Coaching, Training - Public Speaking on conferences (TechEd Russia, 24 Hours of PASS Russia, SQL Rally Russia) - Good communication skills - English: upper-intermediate,DenisReznik
successful in all stages of tech start-up, founding through acquisition; angel investor-- all stages.  At Datorium we are fixing Energy, Software and Healthcare with Data.  Ping me to find out more. 2018 - Present Venture Partner, Spike Ventures 2016 - Present Co-Manager, Oxford Angel Fund 2013 - Present Partner Data Scientist, Datorium/The Data Guild, Palo Alto, CA 2012 - Present Entrepreneur-in-Residence, StartX Accelerator, Palo Alto, CA 2009-2012 Principal Group Program Manager, Microsoft Windows Telemetry	 2003 - 2009 CEO, ClickStream Technologies, LLC, Berkeley, CA  Education	 2012- 2015  Stanford University: M.S. in Statistics 2004 - 2005 Oxford University, UK: MBA  1992 - 1996 Dartmouth College: BA in Architecture/Engineering   Summer 1995 University of Washington: Human Interface Technology Laboratory (HITLab)   Patents	 Granted: “Method for Analyzing Network Data” submitted: 12/30/98. US Patent #6
Full stack data scientist.   PhD in Computer Science (University of Glasgow).  Data scientist at Microsoft, Solarwinds, Yahoo and the University of Glasgow.  Founder of Scoop Analytics - the 1st Glasgow University Computing Science spin out in 20 years.  Ex Scottish Enterprise RSE Enterprise fellow (55k+ award).  Hackathon winner (20k team prize).,
Experience working on optimization problems, machine learning, multi-core computing, and distributed systems.   Specialties: Algorithms, Multi-Core computing, Machine learning, Classification, Text Mining, Unstructured data, Time Series   Domain Experience - Retail, eCommerce, BFSI, Online-ads, Supply-chain, Ride sharing,
Data science | data  analytics | business intelligence  I have worked in the software industry for 25 years as a researcher, developer, architect, specializing in application development, databases and business intelligence.,
Data is king, specially when you have lots of it!  I am an experienced research scientist and manager in the fields of data sciences, computer vision, image processing and machine learning; with more than twenty years of experience in producing research publications (a book chapter on panoramic video construction and more than 40 peer reviewed articles in top tier venues), fifteen patents and ten product transfers. I worked on technical areas such as object and scene recognition, panoramic video construction, web rankers, speaker recognition, information retrieval, deep learning and financial risk analysis. I spanned a range of  industries including consumer electronics, heath care and oil and gas. All of these projects had one thing in common: big data that I had to extract knowledge from.  Throughout my professional career I acquired the skills of both an individual contributor and manager for researchers and software developers.  On the academic front, I serve as an associate professor at Cairo University having gained extensive experience teaching graduate and undergraduate students, mentoring and supervising theses and senior projects. I am a regular program committee member and reviewer for international conferences and journals such as ICIP, ICCV and chaired two conference sessions (ICIP 2009 and ICPR 2012).   I also served on boards reviewing technical progress for Egyptian startups.  I enjoy learning new things and hence an avid MOOC participant in subjects such as data science and machine learning.,
Software Engineer turned Civil Servant;  Joining Indian Administrative Services (IAS) - 2019 Batch,KanishakKataria,
A data enthusiast looking for opportunities to build data-driven products. Love to play with data, build models and derive insights.,
Data scientist with 3 years of working experience and demonstrated expertise in Predictive Modeling, Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing (NLP). •	Proven techniques in Distributed Representation, Text Classification and Computer Vision. •	Proficiency with Data Structures and Algorithms and Object Oriented Programming using Python.
My passion is leveraging software and mobile technology for direct social benefit: access to food, health, education, and personal safety. I have a strong blend of technical and business skills.  - Data Science / Feature Engineering on Mental Health  Verily / GLS - Led the software team for a device  Verily / Google Life Sciences (GLS) - Rapid pilot development in renewable energy  Google   I have been working on technology and social entrepreneurship for over a decade. A favourite example is building and launching Bibz, a videogame that empowers youth to tackle global poverty, by blending art, education, and play. All of the game’s art is done by 150 kids from around the world. I also developed other creative tech based initiatives tackling homelessness, children’s rights, media stereotypes, and excessive consumerism.  Since my earliest days growing up in Southern Africa and Asia, I have wanted to be sure that whatever work I do has a strong impact in making the world a better place. I am thus now looking for a permanent job that combines my strong technical skills and social impact.,DavidRustSmith,
My experiences in business, mathematics, analysis, customer service, testing, and programming have shaped my career as a data scientist, and I am thrilled to build solutions that draw upon all of them. I am dedicated to enhancing my skills in classification, predictive analysis, and data management, and continuing to develop business applications that do what they need to do, and do it well.  My management experiences have involved both developing and improving processes. These include automating sales tax filings, developing a faster silk-screening process, improving quality in a beverage assembly line, and developing effective employee and customer training programs. I have extensive experience in customer service, sales, and training, enjoy translating complex numbers and processes into normal human speak,​ and connecting with people to help them on an individual level. I have worked in a mixture of start ups and large corporations, and am committed to supporting local and small businesses.   I have experience using R
Researcher and software engineer with extensive experience in Artificial Intelligence, including machine learning, data mining, uncertainty reasoning, Bayesian network and information retrieval.  Specialties: Data Mining, Machine learning, Predictive Modeling, Text Categorization, Online Advertising, User Behavioral Analysis and Targeting, Click Fraud Detection, Uncertainty Reasoning, Bayesian Network, and Information Retrieval.,
Applied statistician with background in statistical genetics, excited about creative data science and data visualization.,
An applied statistician/data scientist experienced in working with large scale data and creating data products to help business make scientific data-driven decisions
I am a 4th year Computer Engineering student at the University of Waterloo. My experience in data science has helped me do many interesting projects - from detecting car accidents using machine learning to developing mathematical models for detecting human motion without cameras.  Do contact me if you have something interesting and challenging!
Computer Scientist turned Data Scientist. Passionate about Optimization, Causal Inference, and Machine Learning (and applying them to new problems)!
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working on machine learning problems at the intersection of research and products. Skilled in advanced topics in machine learning (transfer learning, multi-modal learning, multi-task learning), natural language processing, and deep learning.
December 3,A curious and analytical person, passionate about solving problems and driving strategic business decisions with the help of data. With 1.5 years of experience as a Data Scientist delivering user-centric services and products, along with a graduate degree in Information Management from the University of Washington, Seattle; I bring to the table a blend of problem solving, decision making and techno-managerial skills.  My technical competencies include data wrangling, visualization, analysis, prediction, engineering (ETL), machine learning and quantitative and qualitative research through several projects. I also have a background in software (application) development with the knowledge and understanding of data structures and algorithms.  Portfolio: http://prakirn.com/
Building data product in production to help with better decision making Machine learning - clustering, classification, neural network, feature engineering, model validation, lifecycle management, machine learning platform A/B testing - hypothesis testing methodology, calculation/data pipeline Infra: SQL data warehouse, kubernetes, docker, data storage, databricks, HDFS, spark Tools and language: Python, pyspark, R, SQL, shell
I'm a data scientist with several years of experience. Currently I am working at a Hedge Fund company where my primary roles involve:  - Building a robust webscraping pipeline to source structured and unstructured data from various online sources - Cleaning and analysing the acquired data for its potential utility to the company - Converting data to useful features to be fed to machine learning models - Creating and training machine learning models that are used for algorithmic trading - Creating web applications to visualize and compare the behaviour of numerous models - Deploying services on the cloud  My efforts have contributed to allowing a small startup company survive and thrive in the volatile cryptocurrency exchange market over the past two years.  I love being able to communicate complex ideas in an intuitive and easy to understand way. I have worked as a mentor and teaching assistant for one of the most popular online learning platforms. I created supplemental learning materials to explain machine learning concepts to students in a more easily digestible way. The result was a high level of engagement, lively discussions, and very positive feedback. Additionally, I also create blog posts, tutorials, and Youtube videos to help people learn about machine learning.  I also take a keen interest in deep neural networks for computer vision tasks such as classification and semantic segmentation. I ranked 26th position (out of approximately 4,500 participants) in a Deep Learning competition for identifying grocery items from images in order to improve the inventory management process of a large German supermarket.   MACHINE LEARNING SKILLS PREDICTIVE MODELLING (Classification and Regression) COMPUTER VISION (Convolutional Neural Networks) • Image Classification • Semantic Segmentation • Localization SEQUENCES (LSTMs) • Generative Models (NLP, and music) • Classification (NLP) DEEP REINFORCEMENT LEARNING • Policy-Based Methods • Value-Based Methods • Actor-Critic Methods CLUSTERING • Customer Segmentation   OTHER TECHNICAL SKILLS  PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES:  Python (advanced), SQL (basic), R (very rusty) FRAMEWORKS:  PyTorch (Advanced), Keras (intermediate),  Tensorflow (rusty), Flask (intermediate) VERSION CONTROL: Git (intermediate) ENVIRONMENTS: Linux (intermediate), Google Cloud (intermediate),  Amazon AWS (rusty)   LINKS ----- PORTFOLIO: http://ronny.rest/portfolio/ GITHUB: https://github.com/ronrest BLOG: http://ronny.rest/blog/ TUTORIALS: http://ronny.rest/tutorials/
I am skilled in data analysis, supervised learning, and deep learning with TensorFlow. I am proficient in Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib, Scikit-learn, and SQL. I also equipped myself with basic knowledge in construction project management and had experience in working with construction companies.,
February 17,Stanford MS grad with ~4 years of software/ML engineering experience (ex-Facebook, ex-Microsoft).
Experienced Risk Expert with a demonstrated history of working in consumer and small business credit market and cross-border supply chain financial industry, proven record in Risk Management, Strategies development, Business Analytics and Product Management. Proficient in Quantitative Research, Data-mining and statistical modeling and Machine Learning. Strong leadership and organization and interpersonal skills
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Have a strong academic background in Statistics and highly skilled in R and SQL. Passionate about solving problems with data.,
Experienced Product Manager with a history of developing new technologies and products in diverse fields ranging from wearable devices to advanced driver assistance systems.  Passionate for potentially transformative  technologies, such as automated driving, digital currencies and new media and communication via Augmented and Virtual Reality.  Strong academic record with an MSc in Management Science and Engineering from Stanford University.
Experienced researcher/software engineer in statistical machine learning and large scale data processing for a variety of applications, from search ranking to recommender systems to user modeling. Recent focus is on making mobile and wearable devices smart.,xrjjackie,
I have recently finished my PhD in Computer Science in the area of computational linguistics. Specifically my research focuses on constructing network based representations of text. Using these representations I have been able to improve upon the state of the art in the field of unsupervised keyphrase extraction, which involves algorithms that can find the most important terms in a document without requiring any training data. I presented these results in the Semeval 2015 conference on computational linguistics.  Most of the data analysis skills that I have acquired during my research on mining topics using network based representations of text are directly applicable to many other fields such as social network analysis, computational biology, user segmentation and recommender systems. For example my experience on finding the important terms in a graph based representation of text can be directly applied to finding highly influential users in a social or e-commerce network or to finding hub proteins in a protein interaction network. In addition to network based methods I am familiar with a variety of statistical machine learning techniques as I have listed in my skills.  In addition to the experience I have gained in data analysis and algorithm development during the course of my PhD I also have 7+ years of experience as a software engineer. My goal has always been to maintain a working knowledge of the full stack of web development technologies. This combined with my experience with big data tools and data analysis techniques allow me to contribute to all the stages of the mining of insight: From the development of scalable data analysis algorithms to the creation of web based interactive visualisations of the extracted information.   I have a passion for detecting and visualizing useful insights from raw unstructured information and I have strived to gain the set of skills that allow me to design and engineer end to end solutions.
I write software to analyze and interpret big data sets in health care using statistical and machine learning techniques.,
I am a Data Scientist currently working in the Product Development team of Zycus. Skilled in Scikit Learn, Pandas, Numpy, NLP, Named Entity Recognition (Spacy, NLTK), Computer Vision, Data Visualization, Tensorflow Modeling, Deep Learning, Azure Cognitive Services, Google Cloud Platform.  I have gone through a Udacity Nanodegree program on Machine Learning. I have also done Deep Learning Specialization from DeepLearning.ai. I have done my technology associate training from Microsoft on Database Fundamentals  I pursued my B.Tech from Vellore Institute of Technology in the field of Information Technology. I am very passionate about Machine Learning, Deep Learning and AI and always eager to learn new technologies and grow myself.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in Machine Learning, Statistical Modeling and Python. Practical professional with a Master of Science (MS) focused in Data Science from Barcelona Graduate School of Economics and Bachelors in Economics from IIT Kanpur.,
I'm currently a infrastructure data scientist at at infrastructure strategy team at facebook.  I got my Ph.D in Statistics at University of Washington, in which I did research in stochastic modeling and Bayesian analysis to fit time series infectious disease,   which combines mathematical theories and intensive computational work. I integrated C++ with R for fast computation.  See my personal website (https://mingweiwilliamtang.github.io/) for more details.   Skills: Academic:  machine learning, data mining, database, stochastic modeling, optimization, probability theory and statistical model, regression analysis, experimental design, parallel computing (hadoop and spark), data structure, numerical analysis Programming languages:  C++, R, python, matlab, Java, Unix shell script language: English and Chinese
Proactive and results driven machine learning and data scientist with 7+ years of experience in the exploration of terabytes of data involving videos,  images, time series sensor data and transactional consumer behavior data (CoBeDa) originating from variety of sources including HD cameras, wearable devices, web data, clinical data (EHR) and high-throughput biological data. Offering an additional 7 years of experience in research in an academic setting focused on programming, algorithms, compilers, databases, and SQL.   Exceptional analytical and problems solving skills, able to identify KPIs and discover non-obvious patterns, behaviors, and dependencies in the data. A team player adept at managing several concurrent high-profile projects in a fast paced environment. Strong communication, data presentation, and visualization skills. Fluent in English, Hindi, and Urdu; intermediate in Arabic, and Oriya.  Highlights and Achievements •	Repeated success in the organization. Filed patents and published results in journals and conferences. •	Expertise in Python
Computer geek with a deep-rooted passion for making sense out of data to solve challenging problems. Strong grounding in CS fundamentals at IIT - bolstered by 2+ years of industry experience at Microsoft and graduate studies at UC Berkeley - have laid a perfect foundation to chase my ambition to make impactful contributions to fast growing data-driven companies.  Core Competencies: Programming: Python (numpy, scipy, pandas, scikit-learn, matplotlib, seaborn, tensorflow, pytorch), Java, C++  Technical Skills: Machine Learning, Data visualization, Statistical modelling, Deep Learning   When I'm not being a geek on my laptop, I enjoy listening to music, cooking, dance, gymming and hiking.
Passionate data scientist who wants to develop and deploy ML and DS solutions to the real world. Enjoy team work and cross function collaborations. Communicate well with both technical and non-technical audiences. Love data visualization; love experimenting on new ideas. Working experience with Spark, Python, Kubernetes, Scala, SQL, and R. Willing to add more to the list.
Over a decade of experience in the Information Technology industry with various large MNCs like Apple, Yahoo!, Samsung, NDS, CISCO and Coulter, I have gained a wide range of skills and experience in technologies.  I am a data-scientist and computer vision researcher, besides participating in core development and engineering activities. I work on predictive analytics, machine-learning applications, research-intensive applications like face-recognition and recommendation engines. I also work on applications of Internet-of-Things.,magicbeans123,
I like using data to tell stories.
data scientist experienced in architecting, developing and productionizing predictive analytics models and advanced analytics platforms. GCP certified Professional Cloud Architect and Professional Data Engineer.
A PhD with deep theoretical and technical knowledge in computer security and privacy and their application to data mining, and extensive hands-on experience in the software industry and the software development lifecycle.  My experience includes 20 years of research and software engineering work, including program management and software development. Specialties: Privacy, Computer Security, Data Mining and Machine Learning,
A data scientist with 10 years of research and industry experience. Specialized in machine learning/applied statistics, functional data analysis, spatial statistics, time series analysis, oil and gas data analytic, subsurface modeling and forecasting.  Author of three R packages, check out my work at
testing and experimentation Large scale data processing (Hadoop/Hive/Oozie) Advanced statistical analysis and data mining (R, Python, Bash) Machine learning and predictive modeling (CF, SVM, RF, GBM) Expert level skills with SQL queries (Vertica, Netezza) Data visualization and dashboard development (Tableau, Microstrategy) Financial and Economic modeling,
Data scientist with academic training in statistics and 4+ years of industry experience in interpreting data and building data products.
Technology leader with solid experiences in mobile computing, location aware services, web search, big data, and natural language processing. Excel at analytical problem solving, strategic planning, and cross team collaborations. Enjoy innovative projects and dynamic environment.
Data science, data analyst and data science engineer   Specialties:  •Statistical Analysis •Data mining on Grid System (Hadoop) •Web based dashboard system •Database (Hive) •Search Competitive Analysis with Statistical Methodologies  •Programming Language: C/C++, Assembler (x86), Visual Basic, R, MATLAB, PHP, Java, Python, PIG and Hive (UDF) •Language: English, Japanese,
I am an adaptive, reliable, full-stack software and analytics engineering lead seeking to increase the breadth and depth of my knowledge in the fields of Computer Science, Statistics, Program Management, and Data Science, with aspirations to work in roles that provide a challenging mix of leadership and technical responsibilities and pressure in a fast-paced, lean environment.  Skills and Qualifications:  • Business – 8 years experience in predictive analytics, project management, international business (international cross-team, vendor outsourcing), systems capacity/cost planning, workforce management/resource planning, team leadership  • Tech – 4 years software engineering, distributed systems architecture, cloud-backed services design/deployment (AWS, Azure)
I aspire for a challenging position in a professional Organization where I can enhance my professional skills, hidden gems located within large sets of structured, semi-structured and unstructured data with applied statistics with visualization.,me_iamram,
LOOKING FOR DATA SCIENTIST/ANALYST JOBS  A final-year graduate student with 9 years of research experience in computational and condensed matter Physics, I have worked on several projects simultaneously that involved analyzing complex datasets. I have excellent skills in using Python, MATLAB, and SQL for Machine Learning modeling, statistical analysis, data visualization, and operations on relational databases. Having worked with cross-functional teams, I have successfully evolved projects from inception to production through applying fundamental concepts in Computer, Mathematics, and Physics to real-world applications.
Experienced Data Scientist with extensive experience in Search ranking and recommendation systems. With an M.S. in Computer science from Columbia University and B.E. in Computer Engineering from University of Mumbai. Specializing in Machine learning, optimization algorithms and natural language processing. A solid background in data structure and algorithms, proficient in Python, C# and SQL.,
I am passionate about designing solutions for previously unsolvable and high business impact problems while putting a keen emphasis on setting up the right architecture and writing maintainable code.,tusharmakkar08,
Experienced Data Scientist with deep expertise applying machine learning techniques and statistical methods in various domains, especially in IoT and industrial engineering space. • Strong technical and architectural skills with extensive design experience and deep knowledge of scalable distributed applications. • Dynamic leader with an extensive track record of successfully leading high-performance software development teams. • Passion for hands-on problem solving and programming at all levels. • Expertise in developing and shipping a diverse spectrum of software products: client, server, services as well as low level performance critical OS components. • Thorough understanding of financial- markets, engineering and financial models.,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in Data Science Consulting Projects using Python and R programming languages in the domains of Deep Learning and Machine Learning using frameworks such as Numpy, Scikit Learn, TensorFlow and PyTorch. Currently pursuing a Master of Science in Data and Business Analytics at the Rennes School of Business.
I am a data scientist who understands human behavior and loves strategic thinking. With a degree in Economics and Psychology, I have garnered insights into the behavior of consumers on an individual and collective level. In pursuit of enhancing my analytical thinking, I have played poker at the highest level and succeeded at the professional level for multiple strategy games. Through my developed sense of pattern recognition and people understanding, I glean perception through bizarre situations and murky datasets. With 5 years of experience leading a small startup and teams of 50+, I have accrued the ability to translate my findings into business strategy.
With over two decades of leadership experience with global multinationals, I am passionate about  helping customers achieve their transformation goals.   I started my career with Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC), which was later acquired by Compaq and  HP. These acquisitions helped me fast-tracked my understanding of technology, culture, and processes.  As Regional Head of HP Software, we delivered multi-fold growth. It was most rewarding to see 100% of my team members consistently achieving their sales targets.  I then joined CA Technologies, and was tasked to expand its presence across large enterprises. We established strong business connections with many leading banks, telecom, manufacturing, and tech companies. I was also featured as a ‘Young Achiever’ by Business India for the work I did there early on in my career.  I joined Salesforce with a mission to rebuild its India business. Establishing a culture of trust with all stakeholders (customers, partners, and employees) and making customer success a priority translated to exceptional outcomes. India became the fastest-growing market for Salesforce, contributing immensely to its growth in the region. I was recognised by Marc Benioff as a global top talent for my performance.     As a member of the leadership team with Microsoft India subsidiary, I was entrusted to lead the portfolio of cloud and enterprise products including Azure, Windows Server, and SQL, and was responsible for managing the PandL. These products represent a core part of Microsoft’s Hyperscale and Intelligent Cloud platform
After working for IBM and Microsoft, Mo landed a job at Google and helped start the platform in more than 50 emerging markets across the Middle East, Africa and Eastern Europe. He then joined Google [x] as chief business officer and lived at the cutting edge of technology.   Mo Gawdat is the author of Solve for Happy: Engineer Your Path to Joy, an international bestseller translated in 28 languages.   He left Google [x] in February 2018 to dedicate the rest of his life and resources to his mission #onebillionhappy.   For speaking engagements or workshops, 
I spent more than 20 years leading teams and transformations at a couple of the most iconic companies in the world...and I loved every minute of it!  The best part of the journey was seeing the impact I've made on others...my colleagues, customers and partners.  Gratitude for all I have learned, experienced and accomplished has led me to focusing exclusively on my passion for helping others be their best and show up authentically in all they do.  I know first-hand that the leadership journey is a worthwhile yet challenging one and each of us needs an unwavering advocate.,
Murat received his MBA from Columbia Business School in New York and holds degrees in Chemical engineering and Mechanical engineering from Bosphorus University in Istanbul. He is fluent in English, German and Turkish.  Before taking over the CEO role at HepsiBurada, where he had been serving as advisory board member, he founded M-Factory Ventures LLC, a strategic advisory and investment firm in the US.  Prior to that, Murat held a variety of executive and management roles at leading tech companies such as Instacart (San Francisco), Zynga (San Francisco) and Microsoft (Seattle) over the years. Previously, he also spent time at the Boston Consulting Group in New York and worked at Unilever where he managed different consumer brands in Turkey.  Murat has also served on several executive and advisory boards as well as NGOs including Turkish Philanthropy Funds, La Colombe Coffee Roasters, Crescenta Biosciences, Whole Coffee Company, Borusan Holding, HepsiBurada and World Economic Forum’s Global Future Council.,
I believe that digitalization requires companies and employees alike to drastically change the way they collaborate, market, sell and lead. Did you know that skills like emotional intelligence, active learning and leadership will be crucial to succeed in the digital age by 2020 and beyond, according to the WEF? Therefore I am passionate about enabling personal growth for leaders and cultural transformation for organizations.   I've learned throughout my own journey as a leader in tech, that diverse teams produce the best results and that it takes a crystal-clear strategy to bring more women into leadership and key positions within their companies. That's why I started my own consulting business. As an inspiring bridge-builder for change, I shift mindsets resulting in new behaviour. I am known for my positive energy, clarity and empathy, asking the hard questions that help my clients develop new perspectives and take focused action to achieve the desired outcome.   With my very own special approach of heart and mind, I help leaders in tech to create and communicate a personal brand around their unique personality becoming effective ambassadors for their careers and companies. I also work with entrepreneurs helping them to distill and transform their company culture and redefine leadership ultimately enabling successful, sustainable business and higher employee and customer satisfaction.   Do you want to find out what Personal Branding and/or the right culture can add to your business?  Connect with me on LinkedIn and attach a message with your current challenge.   My expertise: Personal Branding and Career Development, Cultural Transformation and Change Management, Customer Centricity, Workshops, Coaching,
Helping SMB's to be more strategic and agile by implementing Cloud !
Highly analytical executive with 20+ years of progressive leadership driving transformation and revenue growth in venture-funded and Fortune 500 technology companies. Resourceful problem solver who up-levels performance by drawing on unique history as CMO and General Manager to bring together engineering, marketing and sales, build integrated product and go-to-market plans, and attack opportunities as a high-performance team. Articulate communicator with proven ability to build new teams from scratch or transform large, matrixed organizations.  Adept at learning new markets and developing custom solutions combining software, cloud services, and hardware.  KEY SKILLS •	Product Marketing and Go-to-Market •	Storytelling for complex, technical products •	Corporate and Product Brand Architecture •	Market Research and Insights •	Financial and PandL Leadership  •	Global Leadership and Team Building •	Strategy and Campaign Development •	Product Management and Roadmaps  •	Sales Management and Growth •	Strategic Partnership Development,timamcdonough
The IT Modernization Practice will oversee Application Services, Cloud and Platform Services, Security as well as Virtual Clarity in the region of 16 Countries in Europe. My Team and I will drive IT modernization for all accounts that require moving applications to the cloud (hybrid or fully public), cloud orchestration, application modernization, and security solutions. We work hand in hand together with Customers and decision-makers who seek to continue their path in bringing more agility, automation, and innovation in their IT Environment.  Read more and download DXC's whitepaper on IT modernization: http://bit.ly/2J0Wtyk   The DXC Strength in the IT Modernization spaces is:  * Teams working with agile methods like SCRUM (me as a SCRUM Master I like that) * 34 global delivery network locations * 100+ DevOps engagements delivered in FY19 * 121 SAP HANA clients supported in FY19 * 160 data centers under management * 191 client data centers consolidated in FY19 * 3,500+ security experts supporting 6 million end-users * 5000+ public cloud and cloud-native certifications (AWS, Azure, Alibaba Cloud, Google Cloud      platform, VMware, Oracle Cloud, RedHat OpenShift, Pivotal Cloud Foundry) * 6200+ discrete applications migrated to cloud (Managed Private or Public Cloud) in FY19 * 10,000+ Agile/DevOps professionals * 20,000+ enterprise application specialists * 580
Human Resource Professional holding a Bachelor degree in Business Administration and a Master’s degree in European Law and Policy. Have build over 14 years of comprehensive human resources experience including recruitment and retention, training, conflict resolution, change management, internal communication, labor relations... Proven experience collaborating with senior management to conduct Human Resources strategic planning in order to support and further corporate goals .   I posses a broad knowledge of human resources in variety of industries (OilandGas, IT, FMCG, Electronics…). Ability to address and implement strategic plans for talent acquisition, retention and succession planning. Proven skills in labor and employment law including complaint investigation to prevent legal action.  I utilized my analytical thinking and creative problem solving capabilities in shaping challenges into very good achievements that have made notable enhancements to business growth.   My ability to perform under pressure, the capacity of being a multi-task person, the strong capability in preserving company ethics and commitment to quality in order to accompany the organization development, coupled my career foundation as credentials that I can immediately apply to contribute to the success of highly progressive organization.  Capabilities: organizational development, organizational skills, recruiting/talent acquisition, career development, performance management, goal setting
Leading an extraordinary team of Datadogs responsible for engaging + hiring talent across our Global Field Sales, Partner Sales, + Strategy functions.
21 years of Product Management, Growth and Digital Marketing, Customer Experience expertise in multinational companies and Start-ups related with SaaS, MaaS, Ride Hailing,  Internet, Mobile, Tech, Telco, E-Learning and Financial services in the UK, UAE, Germany and Turkey.  Business transformations I have led and been part of :  -Lead the holistic Customer Growth (Acquisition,Engagement,Retention, Reactivation,CRM,Martech,CX,Product and Digital Performance Marketing) Strategies in the first and only Unicorn of MENATP aka Careem (Acq. by Uber)  (XXM  Marketing + XXM  Digital Budget + XB GMV responsibility)  -Build the growth marketing org. for the largest Ride Hailing Company in Europe (40M+ customer
I am an international executive with an expertise in leading sales teams to overachieve their targets. I lived and worked in several countries. Having graduated with Master Degree in Computer Science I am very passionate about Information Technology, Cyber Security, and Digital Transformation. I do believe that technology, if used appropriately, can save and improve lives.   Specialities include: General Management, Strategy, International Leadership, Business Development, Enterprise, SMB, Channel, Cyber Security, Cloud Computing, SaaS, Sales, PreSales/System Engineers, Snr Management, Vice President
Experienced Regional Channel Lead with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Digital Transformation, Artificial Intelligence (AI), Business Development, Channel Strategy, and Cloud Computing. Strong sales professional with a MIS focused in Management and Information Systems from The University of Manchester.,
Bildung beginnt mit Vorbildern“   Seasoned professional with a 360° view on corporate innovation management, working in the field of digitization and cloud computing since 2001, with experience in Go2Market and business development for new technologies, partner management and sales execution in the software industry. A proactive ecosystems developer with perspectives on current IT trends, their impact on business strategies, and their implications for enterprises of every segment.  In my current role at SAP I am now working on: • Corporate Innovation at the intersection of Academia, Corporate, StartUp, Entrepreneurship Centers and VC • Strategic Business and Ecosystem Development • Smart City and Future Mobility  Founder of SAP Mentoring Program for young entrepreneurs (batch #1 and #2 focused on female founders)  Venture Advisor to Earlybird VC Digital Advisory Board Member at Schmitz Cargobull/KubikX  Proud Mother,
Experienced Talent Acquisition Manager with a demonstrated history of working in the internet company and MNC. Skilled in Negotiation, Talent Management, Business Development, Recruiting, Strategy and Data Analysis etc. Strong human resources professional with a Master’s Degree focused in Public Management from Renmin University of China.
I'm passionate about designing software architecture and developing software. I'm interested in cloud computing, big data, and data analytics.,
A Chinese teacher once said, ‘If you Love what you do, you’ll never have to work a day in your life’. I believe that, I began that journey when I started working for Yahoo! and that still continues in my current stint with LinkedIn.   My journey has been an interesting one. After graduating as an Engineer in Electronics, I started working in a totally different domain with Yahoo! for their Search Editorial team. From there on, I moved to LinkedIn to do something different again- for their Customer Experience team. It is here, that I moved into recruitment and ever since I have realized that I love this role as it helps me play a huge part in changing people's lives.   I have since worked on getting people, rock-stars in their field, aboard LinkedIn, whilst giving them the best interviewing experience ever! I currently recruit for the Global Sales Organization across South East Asia, Hong Kong and Japan.   I am passionate about connecting talent to opportunities!  I'm now a proud part of a very vibrant Talent Acquisition team at LinkedIn Singapore! As a part of this team, I'm in persistent lookout for the brightest minds, people with infectious energy and who believe in Dreaming Big, getting work done, whilst also having fun!,__shireen,
The SQREEM Story  It all started when we connected a simple data source with an algorithm we had built.  A process designed to read and make sense of information, in turn building knowledge.  We then gave it sufficient autonomy to act on its knowledge in ways and via means it deems most optimal.  In essence, we connected sensor with sense making, and subsequent function.  Check out the 4 min video   https://youtu.be/aDG3i8ma4MQh  We ended up with a sense-making, cognitive A.I. connected into the world’s largest data repositories, covering thousands of different sources, anonymously tracking activity, and patterns of billions of people. We had built an ontology of human behavior.     What if we could connect this ontology with real people, engaging in real behaviors, in real time?  Turning this into reality, we embedded our architecture (via 142 APIs) with all relevant digital media and content channels, globally.     We now had a platform capable of identifying the best buyer for any product in any market, and we had given it the ability to reach any such buyer, directly, anywhere.  Our clients are the major banking, Insurance, Automotive and  Pharmaceutical companies, in over 30 countries such as Singapore, the USA
Successful track record and more than 15 years international management experience in marketing and sales for B2B SaaS and cloud services.  Areas of expertise:  - Building and leading highly motivated and result-driven marketing and sales teams - Defining Go-To-Market strategies for B2B - Planning and execution of data-driven lead generation campaigns and funnel optimization programs - Implementation and improvement of marketing automation processes -  Excellent communication and analytical skills - Profound knowledge of SaaS business models and the underlying financial and marketing KPIs.  Passion for technology and excellence in execution; Believer in Lean Management,C_Weisbrodt
The why, the what, and also the HOW of cloud computing-based technologies ***  I am fortunate to live and work my passion for new technologies. As Head of Technology for Switzerland, I work with IT Leaders to help them safely and cost-effectively running their IT in the cloud (Apps and Infra) and with Business Leaders to help them understand how the innovation made possible and democratized by the hyper-cloud can help them transforming, and in some cases disrupting their businesses.  Key Business Topics: Digital Transformation, Cost Optimization, Business (Process) Innovation, Disruption.  Key Technical Topics: Cloud Operating Model, Cloud Architecture, Containerization, DevOps, CD/CI, AI.  I am a passionate learner with an engineering background who still loves to open the Management Console or writes some lines of code in my free time. Besides my passion for technology, I have a solid record of successes as a business leader and people manager, enjoying hiring talents and coaching them with clarity and transparency. I am a firm believer in the “happiness advantage” that I am convinced is one of the key success factors for my achievements as a business leader.,stefanomalle
Workday customers are at the heart of all our business decisions. Everything we do centers on the question, “How will this affect our customers?” That’s why we have the highest customer satisfaction rating of any major enterprise application vendor of 98%!  Workday is a leading provider of enterprise cloud applications for finance and human resources. Founded in 2005, Workday delivers financial management, human capital management, and analytics applications designed for the world’s largest companies, educational institutions, and government agencies. Organizations ranging from medium-sized businesses to Fortune 50 and DAX30 enterprises have selected Workday.   About me: Entrepreneurial self starter and leader with substantial international experience in leading organizations marketing and selling IT solutions directly and through channels. Proven ability selling, communicating and executing large-scale initiatives across business units in a multi-national environment. Solid experience in Telco and Service Provider and Software plus Services (SaaS, PaaS, IaaS) business.  Specialties: Starting and leading a new business within a large organization and taking it out of incubation. Sales, Motivation and community building of dispersed organizations. Turn around business. Merger and Acquisition, integration and transition. Cloud Computing (IaaS, PaaS, SaaS), Telco Value Added Services for consumer and businesses.
I build, write, speak, and lead for a purpose economy driven by diversity and collaboration.    Speaker's profile and references: Big and Growing Festival and Purpose Konferenz:  Mentessa: Expert community platform for the future of work:  My book: Big Heart Ventures: Purpose-driven Entrepreneurship for the Next Age of Technology:  #technology #entrepreneurship #purpose #bigheartventures #makepurposework #newwork #diversity #collaboration #leadership #community #mentoring #futureofwork #coaching #purposedriven,radost,
Experienced finance professional with 16 years of tenure within leader IT companies as business financial controller roles, covering diversified and complex multi country regions. At ease with people, with a deep sense of collaboration and communication, had a successful people management experience. Fluent in four languages, with a robust educational background. Attracted by aimful cross-team collaboration and the impact through an organization.,kdarraz
I am a developer, author and trainer in mobility and web technologies.  I was a Microsoft student partner and stayed active in developer communities.  Passionate about development and training, I have always been able to respond to our customers' requests using the latest technologies.  My experiences with start-ups, SMEs and digital service companies (ESN / IT) reinforce my technology choices, especially those focused on the future.  Technologies: • Web   ASP.NET Core • Mobile   UWP, Xamarin.iOS, Xamarin.Android, Xamarin.Forms • Cloud   Microsoft Azure • DevOps   Azure DevOps  I intervened in the following areas: • Financial • Aviation • Handling • Logistics • Education • Accounting  Mobile in France, Belgium, Luxembourg, Austria and Switzerland (for trainings).  According to several tests, my personality is similar to that of Leonardo da Vinci, Benjamin Franklin or Stéphane Guillon. I'm Extravert-iNtuitive-Thinker-Perceiver:  I am curious and a little scattered. Easy to understand concepts. Value knowledge. Good to explain it and transmit it. I quickly get excited about new ideas and new projects. I am comfortable in positions, where my analytical and design skills are highlighted. I have to discipline myself and frame myself more (tendency to procrastinate). Although calmer than other extroverted types, I still needed a minimum of social interactions to conserve my energy.  Strong points: • Creativity, design • Ability to transmit knowledge • Analytical skills • Critical mind • Open mindedness • Comprehensive understanding  Weak points : • Dispersion of interests • Lack of rigor • Socially unjust • Rebel to orders that seem illogical to him  PS: I propose to coach developers wishing to become independent.  See you soon!,ImCresus_                            lecoinsiehr
NO ReLo!  Remote: ok, On-Site: Seattle-Eastside only. (Bellevue, Redmond, Kirkland areas only, ideally within 5 miles of zip code 98007, NOT Seattle). I am not really looking and prefer an FTE position.  NOT Open Networker, If you DON'T know me, DON'T invite me! I only accept connections to people that I have some significant connection to or interaction with. I only accept connections to people that say how I know them and/or why we should connect.  Senior Software Engineer specializing in Cross Platform Development 
Specialties: People Management, Solution Selling, Negotiation and Public Speaking.,
Experienced Account Executive with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Sales, Customer Relationship Management (CRM), Software Industry, Management, and Account Management. Strong information technology professional with a Business School Master focused in Sales and Marketing.,SamiraFaik
currently work as a Microsoft specialist at AWS to help companies in France that use Windows Server and .net transform to the cloud. Previously I worked at Microsoft as product manager, and founded my own web development company.  My professional goal is to empower people around me to help them grow.,SnippetSpace,
I am a speculative designer interested in the implications of technology in our society. My prior works falls under the domain of interaction design and digital art.  My work have been published in Wired, FastCoDesign, Core77, Arduino Blog, CNN, CreativeApplications, Animal Newyork, PSFK, PitaPixels, Complex etc. and also has been exhibited internationally at the ACM Siggraph and Yahoo! USID Academic Showcase.  I currently live in Seattle and work for Google. Previously, I graduated from the Royal College of Art, London and National Institute of Design, India. I give workshops and teach creative coding and projection mapping techniques at various universities.  I have worked for Microsoft Inc, Google UK, Google India and have interned at Google, UK and Local Projects, NYC where my works include developing several interactive solutions for Cleveland Museum of Art, Civil Debate Interactive Wall at the Bob Graham Centre for Public Service
Canny helps SaaS companies track user feedback to make better product decisions.  We launched in March 2017 and now have over 600 customers, including leading companies like Lyft, Bench, and Compass.  We're bootstrapped, profitable, growing, and fully remote! We're also hiring a Full-Stack Engineer. Learn more at jobs.canny.io. ,rasmuzen,
Graduate from the University of Toronto who aspires to solve problems through software and loves to make music.,
I am a technology entrepreneur and seed-stage angel investor. I pipeline companies, advise them, and invest in their growth.  I work with early-stage technology startups and back rock star founders providing them with the know-how and the capital to launch new products.  I am particularly interested in investing in and partnering with first time tech founders, who have a strong perspective about solving big problems their way.  Fields of interest: - Early stage entrepreneurs and startups - Cyber \ Enterprise SaaS \ Storage  Specialties: - Entrepreneurship - Cloud Computing - Security - Enterprise scale applications - International customers and partners,amitgat,
Seeking a job in IT role with a company looking for a motivated, energetic individual with 2 years of Experience as Assistant Manager with a demonstrated history of working in the retail industry , that has excellent problem solving abilities, good  communication skills . and 4 years as self worker Skilled in : Databases, Web Design, HTML, Data Analysis, and Tableau.   Strong professional with a web development .,
If you don't learn something new everyday then you're doing it wrong.,
Passionate Cyber Security professional skilled in Incident Response, Information Security, Troubleshooting, and Risk Analysis holding a CISSP.
A product designer from Vancouver, Canada.  http://fionayang.me/,
I'm a digital product designer with 20 years of experience designing, building and evolving large scale platforms and services for some of the best companies in the world.,jpay,
Former RA at MIT Media Lab | Harvard 2019 | AnitaB.org Student of Vision 2017  I am an AI researcher looking for opportunities to work on relevant, transformative and impactful technology.,MSR163,
I always place myself as a technical advisor to my clients as a recognized and credible source for IT Solution. Where it could be related to IT Governance or Compliance, or Security or anything that relates to computing environment with any sort of IoT devices.,ShahabAlYaminCh
Ayodeji Ishola is a Certified ScrumMaster®,  Snr. Web Developer, Software Development Manager and technology for business advocate with competence in building, training, coaching and mentoring high-performing engineering teams. He has formal education and qualitative experience in Information Technology and Business (with specialization in web development).  And yes; he actually writes code, and believes he can change the world.,
I'm a data science educator and the founder of Data School. I specialize in Python and machine learning. I have hundreds of hours of experience as a data science classroom instructor, and thousands of hours of experience developing high-quality data science educational materials. I am currently teaching my own series of online data science courses.
Experienced Software Specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Microsoft Word, C++, Java , JMeter, Ranorex, and Java. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor's degree focused in Computer Science from Modern University for Technology and Information - MTI.,
Experienced Channel Development Manager with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Sales, Partner Development, and Digital transformation Solution. Strong business development professional graduated from FACULTE DES SCIENCES ECONOMIQUES ET DE GESTION - TUNIS.,
Experience: 20+ years in the IT industry 15+ years of experience in Strategy and Technology Consulting 15 years of experience in Clustered Storage and Scale-out Systems, Virtualization and Cloud, HyperConverged / HyperScale / Microservices Engineering Team leading and building  Integrating/redeveloping/creating processes  Multinational Enterprise structural knowledge  Market analysis and company performance knowledge  People management Human Factors and Ergonomics in Manufacturing Enterprise level Network Management and Monitoring Creating and implementing Disaster Recovery plans  Goals: To learn new things every day, as a day without learning is a day lost and continuously develop all of my current skills and gain new ones  To work with competent, professional, knowledgeable and fair people  To be of service to the people in my teams, or that I work for  To excel through determination, focus, passion, objectivity and logical acting  To be challenged in the work I do  To enjoy the work I do, whilst still being able to keep the work/life balance  To become a better person through the experiences I go through  To motivate to innovate to facilitate  To spread the message that nobody works for another person, but just works with another person towards the same goal.  To advise/teach/support others when they are stressed/down or unmotivated  Specialties: Parallel computing, distributed system, HyperConverged / HyperScale, virtualization
a division of the TechStream Group, is a technology talent acquisition solution provider. Our consultants are subject matter experts in the identification, attraction, and engagement of technology professionals; We work with market-leading talent across multiple industry domains and service client partners in consulting, end-user environments and start-up or enterprise-level software providers.  Specialised in building teams within Software Development focused on Data Analytics, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Cloud DevOp and Software Development.  Regional Coverage of the MENA region.  I have worked in the Group for 3 years, currently working as a Talent Principal in the region, I am focused on working with start-ups and enterprises alike to provide talent solutions for Technology and Commercial specific requirements.  As a Principal Talent Consultant, I specialize in working with commercial and technical professionals globally and help them in their career growth within the Middle Eastern region.  The majority of my clients solve problems within the Venture Capital, Fintech, Ed-Tech, Ecommerce, Powertech, Cloud, Big Data and Healthtech spaces and I am currently expanding my understanding of the impact of technologies such as Machine Learning
I am a Telecom engineer with a bachelor in Communications Engineering. I worked in the Telecom industry for a leading Service Provider for 3 years. I later moved to a role in the Sales and Business operations field where I was involved in customer's data and insights. I am currently looking for a challenging job in the Data Analytics industry.,
A well presented, good all round performer who has knowledge of the planning and implementation stages of projects. Possessing a consistent track record of improving business performance. Having an active commitment to continuous improvement and comfortable working in a growth orientated work environment. Easy going by nature and able to get along with both work colleagues and senior managers.,
Mirko é em resumo um comercial e relacionamento nato, que no meio da carreira mudou o foco pro mercado digital. Surfou as principais ondas desse mercado, e hoje é sócio da Agência Zíriga, co-fundador do comparador de preços mexicano Buscaya.com.mx e embaixador do Expo Fórum Digitalks. Ainda atua como consultor, mentor, professor e palestrante com mais de 100 palestras nos últimos anos. Envolvido desde 1998 na criação, evolução, crescimento e transformação de Negócios Digitais. Foi executivo em empresas como: UOL, BOL, TeRespondo, Yahoo!, Webtraffic, Superdownloads, Brandsclub, Lomadee e Buscapé Company   With 16 years working for brick companies and over 20 years involved with the top digital business companies, working for: UOL, BOL
To take my 20+ years of leadership and knowledge management experience covering data centric projects to continue to remain focused on the Data Engineer space, further develop my leadership skills, deepen my knowledge in cloud, distributed computing systems, and to continue to hone my skills distilling business processes to bring about actionable insights in a collaborative team focused environment.
I have over 15 years' experience in the industry, which includes working on on enterprise applications for major corporations like Symantec, GE, Disney, Comcast and Telenav. I also have considerable experience working in a number of Bay Area startups, on cutting-edge technology stacks.  Most recently, I have been application engineering in the Big Data analytics space with AWS, Spark, Scala, Java, Solr and REST APIs at Telenav, a Silicon Valley-based technology company. My Big Data experience includes working with Spark, AWS, Hadoop, Hive, HBase and MapReduce.  I have excellent full-stack experience in all stages of the SDLC. I have extensive experience with Agile methodologies, Scrum and TDD and I have excellent communication skills and some supervisory experience.    Specialties: Big Data, Cloud
Human beings are outnumbered by Internet devices. To manage it all we need a new era of networking technology, the Network. Intuitive. And I love the fact that Cisco produces software and solutions that have an impact on everyone’s lives. It’s our chance to contribute to Cisco’s success in introducing cutting edge technology to the market. I can do it by hiring top talent into Cisco Customer Experience (CX) in EMEAR.  I specialise in IT recruitment for global companies. I have experience in the whole recruitment cycle, talent acquisition, client management, career development and assessment centres. With my ability to build strong relationships, great communication skills, passion for candidate care and years of experience in sourcing, I succeed in attracting and hiring great talent.,MMleczko
Capable of reviewing department-level requirements and building strategic approaches to planning for   disasters, managing recovery and mitigating risks. Focused on consistently and correctly applying  policies while fastidiously handling every detail. Demonstrated success in working with and [The   Institution of Engineering and Technology] company and Institution,NisargMehta11
As an Expert in the Field of Digital Transformation, I am convinced that People and Companies, which use their IT Potential more efficient, are far more successful. This is exactly where I see my Passion – to help YOU identify hidden Potential for YOUR Business, to improve Processes for more Efficiency and to Introduce innovative Solutions.  Specialties: - Digital Transformation - Business Intelligence - Process Consulting / Process Automation - Artificial Intelligence (AI) - Enterprise Content Management (ECM) - Digital Asset Management (DAM) - Product Information Management (PIM) - Master Data Management (MDM) - Modern Workplace based on Office 365 and SharePoint  Now it is up to YOU, letting me help to Empower YOUR Company and Boost YOUR Business.,
I enjoy teaching and love solving problems that matter, by building products and services from the ground up leveraging my technical skills. A life long learner, tinkerer and a team builder.,cskvarma
Md.Anwar Hossain is an Information Technology and Security Professional with M.Sc. in Computer Science and over 18+ years of IT experience in Telecom, Bank ,Multinational and local enterprise , Small medium business and IT Service Provider with notable success in directing IT corporate initiatives while participating in planning, analysis Designing  and Lead  implementation of Information Technology and security solutions and standards in direct support to business objectives. He is extremely well versed with ITIL v3 and MOF. He has already demonstrated capacity to implement IT infrastructure, messaging and collaboration, Unified communication, IT asset management, service desk, business process automation to make business more productive, profitable   and competitive as well as security software that drive awareness, decrease exposure and strengthen organizations. He also has hands-on experience in Enterprise regarding various Information technologies including Security application .  Specialties: MCT,ECI,CEH,ECSA,ITILV3,CCNA,MCSE,MCSA
Dec 4gwendalp
Interested in Algorithms, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and their applications.,_satyam_bhalla
software architect and serial entrepreneur with passion for digital tech.  Experienced in building web and mobile solutions for startups, disruptive technologies and organizations wanting to break thru.  Azwar is the founder of several startups and the Chief Technology Officer at 247 Labs.    Currently open to speaking and workshop presentations with organizations wanting to spread awareness about Artificial Intelligence, Augmented Reality, Disruptive Technologies and Blockchain.    247 Labs is a team of trained, certified and experienced developers, designers and product managers who take organizations through digital transformations projects by implementing a Lean Agile process to implement technology with excellence.    We work with Government Agencies, Enterprise Businesses, startups and other industry leaders to understand their needs, architect and implement technical solutions that deliver value and create positive change. Some notable clients we have worked with include JandJ, General Motors and Motorola.,azzzwar,
Over 18 years experience in developing well-designed Enterprise Solutions. I have a proven track-record of meeting deadlines and expectations for projects that positively affect the bottom-line. Core competencies include: excellent interdepartmental communication skills, strong background in business-logic analysis, concise gathering of software requirements, efficient development of object-oriented solution strategies, thorough software testing methodologies, and comprehensive oversight of systems adoption and training. Creative, proactive team player
During his career in the software industry, Alexis built products and services at startups and Fortune 100 companies. Alexis is passionate about designing products powered by transformational technologies, and bringing them to market.  Alexis is a co-founder and CTO of Dialogue, the leading Canadian telehealth service. Prior to that, he led the design and development of social analytics system; incubated a semantic search engine and a platform for conversational mobile apps; co-founded and successfully sold a pioneering cloud technology startup.,alexissmirnov
Product guy, entrepreneur and investor. Strong passion for delightful user experiences and innovative design and technology.,christianreber,
A pragmatic French Engineer based in San Francisco, with a bias for action, strong sense of ownership, a taste for well-written code and well-architected, scalable, reliable software.   Driven and dedicated, with excellent communication skills, interacting with all departments of the organization, partners, vendors, customers...   Able to provide expertise, execute, delegate, throughout all stages of the software development life cycle, from requirements gathering, analysis and planning to delivery.     Recognized for his ability to hire, build and operate teams of highly skilled and motivated engineers
Professional Experience:  - Large HR experience in complex environment (a large airline company and subsidaries).  - HR policy alignment with the enterprise strategy.  - Enterprise performance indicators on HR issues.  - Team Leadership.  - Extended experience in IT services management and organization.   - IT strategies in conformance with the enterprise business strategies.  - Large Projects management with high added-value.  - IS audit and review (IT services and processes rationalization).    Goals:  - Head of HR department in a multinational environment.    Specialties:   - HR management and developement.  - Enterprise HR marketing and communication.  - Trade unions relationship management and negotiation.  - IT Services Management (ITIL) certified from ISEB institute - London/UK.  - Software Process Improvement (CMMI, SPICE, ITIL,...).  - Large Project Governance.,fouadyz,
As an experienced Vice Principal in a famous educational Research institution in Bangladesh, my objective is to provide my organization with a positive learning experience utilizing my knowledge, training and skills in active teaching methodologies, extensive teaching experience and expertise in all aspects like organizational management, curriculum development, policy making to proper molding of students in terms of ensuring best quality education along with values and principles of life and extra-curricular activities.Skilled in Research, Management, Internet Surfing, Educational Leadership, and Classroom Management. Strong education professional with a Master’s Degree focused in Mathematics from National University.  Previous Job I am also serving as  Project Coordinator(Gurukul-ERP),Founding Board Member at Gurukul Live Coordinator-Skills and Training Enhancement Project (STEP) Managed By World Bank at QISI  Personal abilities- Offer include strong interpersonal and communication skills,a flexible attitude, and understand the human behavior and attention to detail. I am a highly motivated, high-energy individual, with the team-working ability to work logically in a team to achieve the objectives.  With the said strengths, today I am confident to take over any senior management position of an organization and can serve confidently.
Passionnée par les nouvelles technologies, j’ai décidé de me spécialiser en commercialisation de solution et produits IT pour aider les entreprises marocaines à développer leurs infrastructures IT et par conséquent leur business
10+ years in strategy, growth (both user acquisition and retention), and business development. I started my career in B2B technology marketing at Microsoft Canada, then moved on to B2C marketing at Bell Canada and have now found my home and passion in the startup world. I love startups, food, retail and technology!   Specialities: Leading growth teams, strategy development and refinement, business development, operations, B2B and B2C marketing and sales, product development, financial modeling, revenue management, and communications.
Visionary leader. Skilled engineer. Storyteller and purveyor of epic.,docjamesw,
I'm the CAIO at Analytica - an AI company focused on extracting new insights from data. Previously I worked as a senior engineer in leading software companies.,
A passionate individual who always thrive to work on end to end products which develop sustainable and scalable social and technical systems to create impact.  My name describes my qualities, A: Active Learner S: Sociable H: Hard working U: Ultra-precise T: Trustworthy O: Open minded to create new things S: Supportive H: Humble   What do you do ?  I am Computer Science Engineer, Open source contributor and Community Influencer. I love building end-to-end AI projects. I am associated with a few open source communities. I influence ordinary people and small local businesses to include AI and ML in their products.   What projects have you worked on? I have worked on vast variety of ML models from forecasting freight rates through statistical quantitative modelling to Face interpolation using modified StyleGAN. Not just building projects, I have experience of deploying models to almost every cloud infrastructure (GCP, AWS, Azure) for real time use. Moreover, I am a full stack developer and UI/UX designer. I have created design templates and functionality using Adobe XD and Figma. I can develop websites using React-Redux, Mongo DB and Node JS.    How can I believe that you are good at what you do? In Sept. 2019, I was invited to Google Machine Learning Summit at Google Hyderabad for my exceptional interest in AI. Also, I was selected as one of 120 Google Explore ML Facilitators from India to spread awareness about AI in students. In May 2019, I was selected as Microsoft Student Partner to teach students about Cloud Infrastructure and to demonstrate deployments of applications and ML models on Azure.  In July 2019, I became Mozilla Campus Captain. With this, I started an open source community in the college to build open source projects. Under this program, I have also organised a hackathon in campus. In Sept. 2018, I designed application architecture for a startup named Muffito. I was also managing the complete application development process.   What do you do other than building AI systems? I write blogs about powerful lessons in personal changes. You can visit my blog site at ashutoshhathidara.wordpress.com .  I am a public speaker and a member of AMP (Association of Muslim Profession). We work for educating students to deal with very basic but important problems which eventually build their character. I design, build and deploy beautiful websites. Whenever I am free, I am used to create designs in Figma.  If you want to know more see my website ashutosh1919.github.io 
Retailer merchandising team at Instacart,derrickisaacson,
Passionate about startups, technology, and the positive impact startups can create with technology. Doing my bit at Rocketium, which I started in 2015 after a decade of experience spanning multiple roles (tech, product, business) across multiple geographies (India, US) at startups (Rocketium, TaxiForSure) and trillion-dollar companies (Amazon, Microsoft).  I have been incredibly lucky to have worked alongside amazing people at fantastic workplaces. At Rocketium, we want to build another enduring organisation that is a joy to work for, solves big problems for customers, and be a positive influence for the global community.  My work and life are separate but experiences in one make the other better, be it board games, cooking, learning
A multilingual Information Technology expert leveraging a proven track record in providing  11 years of technical assistance for a major multinational company in the Oil and Gas sector , documented achievements, a history of very high user satisfaction to ensure seamless IT operations.   Highly motivated and energetic problem solver with excellent analytical, organizational skills used to manage support teams in deadline oriented environment.  Acquired strong interpersonal skills from an early stage during business development roles.,
Experienced Information Technology Sales Specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Negotiation, Microsoft Excel, Customer Service, Sales, and Sales Operations. Strong sales professional with a Bachelor's degree focused in Computer and Information Sciences and Support Services from Advanced Academy.
Sam is CEO and co-founder of A Cloud Guru, a disruptive online learning platform that has helped almost 1,000,000 people around the world learn cloud computing and build their engineering careers.   He leads the vision for ACG's unique learning platform, built cloud-native on Amazon Web Services with serverless architectures. Sam has a passion for technology, education, and enabling individuals and organisations with the skills needed to build the products and services of the future.   Sam has an extensive software development background, having managed large engineering teams across the world. Previously he worked for Microsoft in both Seattle and Oslo. He was part of the Windows team, and owned the Disk Defragmenter for Windows Vista and Windows 7.  He speaks regularly at events around the world and blogs at http://read.acloud.guru about AWS and serverless architectural patterns.,samkroon
I'm a designer, engineer, and investor in early stage startups. Cofounder and managing partner of Initialized Capital, an early stage venture capital fund that was earliest in Coinbase and Instacart. We're a team of 8 investing partners with over 500M in assets under management and our startups have created more than 36 billion in market value in the past 8 years.  Previously a partner at Y Combinator. Invested in and directly worked with over 700 companies in 5 years from the earliest possible stage, often just an idea.   Before that, I cofounded Posterous and helped build it to a world-class website used by millions. (Acquired by Twitter) I also cofounded the engineering team for Palantir Technology's quant finance analysis platform, and designed the current Palantir logo and wordmark.  I love building things.  Specialties: user-centered design, project management, software engineering, interaction design, visual design, entrepreneurship, bootstrapping, branding, design, technical architecture, scaling,garrytan
I like working with really smart people on building amazing software products. And I like it when those products win in the marketplace.  * I am excited about the impact of technology and the internet on financial services, education, health care and travel.  * I like to invest in smart people with great ideas. https://angel.co/jamie-mcdonald  Specialties: SaaS software, customer acquisition, marketing, online advertising, lead generation,  product management and strategy,jamiemcdonald,
A strategic and passionate general manager with broad international experience in the tech industry. Proven track record of profitable growth through change management, innovation, and people development. End-to-end PandL management of a complex + 700 MUSD business.   Specialties: Change management, business strategy, PandL Management, government affairs, sustainability, PE.,MalouAamund,
a novel way of using Blockchain for big data access control and filled a US and Canadian patent and uses Blockchain and machine learning to build solutions as an Engineer, mentor, speaker. and researcher in the Security, Health-tech, and FinTech space.  In 2018, Uchi founded NaijaHacks to make opportunities available to all young Africans so that they can start their own technology ventures or work at some of the world’s best companies. Currently Africa's biggest tech competition, NaijaHacks's ambition is to be the platform that accelerates Africa’s technology adoption so that any young African can use technology to make their lives, that of their family or the world better. Today, NaijaHacks has expanded to AfricaHacks and supports tech competitions across Africa.  If you're looking to understand the African tech, tech talent, startup, and investment space or looking for speakers or experts for talks, panels or discussions about Africa or Blockchain,  Uchi is active on social media! Please feel free to connect with me on Twitter or Instagram at UchiUchibeke for your dose of everything tech, Africa and good food!,Ugobame
I am an early stage investor at Soma Capital. Our portfolio (combined valuation of over 35 billion) includes Cruise, Rappi, Ironclad, Lambda School, Razorpay, Flutterwave, Astranis, Alto Pharmacy, and Flutterwave.   I graduated from Harvard in May 2019 with high honors and summa honors thesis. My research was on game theoretic approaches to analysis of multilateral bargaining in China (advised by Oliver Hart, 2016 Nobel laureate).   Previously, I have worked with Morgan Stanley's Global Technology Investment Banking Group; in venture with General Catalyst, Romulus Capital, Female Founders Fund, and Global Founders Capital; and as an early team member and core operator with startups including Morning Brew (Forbes 30 U 30, scaling to 1mm+ subscribers), Luxe (acquired by Volvo), and Allo (YC W19).   I love meeting, helping, reading
I am working where i can grow professionally while being able to utilize my skills for the betterment of the organization with the use of my dedication , determination and rescourcefullness .,
Around ~18 years experience in technology building scalable products and companies across B2C commerce, B2C tech, mobile, supply chain areas with the right mix of business and technology as well as strategy and execution to go with an excellent academic record.  Leading the deployment and operations of Global early-stage VC firm Antler in India currently.   Co-founded Urban Ladder and helped build it (~7.5 years) towards becoming the #1 omni-channel brand for furniture in India. Focused my efforts on the technology, strategy and people front. Raised 5 rounds of ~100+Mn capital from some of India's best VC firms including Kalaari, Sequoia, SAIF Partners, Steadview and investors such as Mr. Ratan Tata, Anand Rajaram, Venky Harinarayan etc.   Senior Product Manager (4 years) at Yahoo! - focusing on consumer facing cutting-edge online and mobile products in the Emerging markets including India, LATAM, SE Asia etc; Worked on media products for consumers across the entertainment, education, news, finance, cricket, movies
Experienced technology architect and manager with extensive hands-on large scale engineering/architecture experience comfortable operating at all stages: from pre-funding all the way to complex turnaround situations.  Continuously seeking out the hardest engineering, algorithm, privacy/security, scale/reliability, hardware, power and mobility challenges.  Strong success record across multiple industry segments, able to operate independently and/or manage large groups with direct fiscal/ROI responsibilities.  Experienced in all aspects of technology MandA including complex integration scenarios.  Technology experience from full-custom silicon all the way to UX and (almost) everything in between.  Specialties: solving hard engineering problems at scale.,goexa
Postgraduate in International Public Law, I have a diversified background in multinational environments. Integrated in a consulting and audit firm for a mission to support companies in their management of human resources in the operational and personnel management. I optimize the organization of the company, analyze various HR problems, find solutions and implement, either in the social relations, in the operational or administrative part or with the various levels of management.  I have a good knowledge of the world of the company, its organization and all of its trades. For the problems of the company, I developed an excellent listening, a capacity of analysis and conviction, it is necessary to mobilize the various actors in the daily of the management of the personnel.,
I’m an execution focused product and engineering leader who loves to build and scale cloud based businesses.,bstaples,
Out to solve the problem of making Data available for every business user using Natural Language  Currently democratizing data by building worlds first AI Analyst platform Alphaa AI.  AI-driven BI platform to enable you to ask questions on BI TOOLS, Dashboards, MS Excel, Data Sources, voice assistants and WhatsApp. Actually, anything that can lead you to your data.  Creating data accessibility through NLP.  **Not to miss, we have a published patent for connecting #datascience with #voiceassistant  I love inventing new methods and writing algorithms for smarter technology implementations, rewiring existing infrastructure for efficiency.  I am a Data Scientist, Growth Hacker, Architect 18yrs Business Intelligence, Data Mining and Digital Branding, Developer and a certified Scrum Master with experience in designing data models and analytics platforms.  MS Community Star, MS Most Valuable Professional in 2003 and one of the first 500 professionals in the world to achieve; MVP, MCT, MCTS, MCSD, MCAD, MCDBA and MCP since 1998.   An entrepreneur by choice: Laid foundation of my first company SAAS - a business analytics company in 2008 and did a turnover of more than a million dollars in the first year of its operation.  Before this, in 2005; I co-founded The Perfect Future with his Microsoft colleague Tarun Anand to create one of the first companies to lead Microsoft Technology Evangelism in India.  In 2004
John leads the Customer Experience organization for Google Cloud responsible for developing and executing on the strategy that ensures customers adopt and realize business value from the Google Cloud. This includes global leadership of Professional Services, Customer Success, Customer Support, Training, Cloud Certifications, and Customer Engagement through the Executive Briefing Center and Customer Advisory Boards. John reports to Google Cloud CEO Thomas Kurian.   Prior to Google, John spent 20 years at Microsoft in numerous roles including Corporate Vice President of  Worldwide Customer Success, where he established a new organization to drive adoption of Microsoft's cloud services, Vice President Worldwide Specialist Sales, where he led enterprise sales strategy across the full suite of enterprise cloud services including the transformation of the sales force to a cloud/subscription model, General Manager of Global Accounts with responsibility for Microsoft’s top 100 enterprise customers, General Manager of the UK Enterprise Business, and General Manager of the America’s Incubation Business to drive sales of the company’s new and acquired products.   John attended George Mason University in Fairfax, VA, where he earned his bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering and a master’s in business administration.  He lives in the Seattle area with his wife Kelly, and their two daughters. In his spare time, John enjoys golfing
As an entrepreneur, Mitul has founded few companies and exited successfully in last few years.   Mitul Founded Customer360 in June 2013, which was funded by CCAvenues (South Asia's largest payment gateway solution- http://ccavenue.com/) and eBrandz and acquired by Interactive Intelligence (NASDAQ: ININ) in 2015.   Mitul’s work in recent times has made him emerge as a focused business leader. Prior to June 2013, he co-founded “Anveshan Technologies” to provide mobility solutions to customers across the globe. Under his leadership company reached Million dollar in sales in just 18 Months and company was eventually merged in to Customer360.   Before starting his entrepreneurial journey he has worked for a few years in silicon valley with Yahoo! (Sunnyvale) and AMD. His strength lies in taking an idea from concept to productize and scaling it.    Strengths: + Ability to take any idea from the concept to product to business. Make it Scale. + People Management, Building a Kick-Ass Team - Inspiring a team to do phenomenal work. + Product Management - Building a product roadmap. Start with lean and scale it based on customer feedback. + Enterprise Sales, Technical Sales + Investor(s) Management, Fund Raising. + Deep Understanding of Technology and Computer Science.   Mitul has a keen interest in new business initiatives. He also mentors at multiple Accelerators and personal mentor to handful of entrepreneurs.   Mitul holds an B.E. from University of Mumbai, India and a Master in Computer Science from State University of New York  Binghamton.,mituldthakkar,
Varied experience in the software industry. Worked in 10 person start up (FastForward networks), a mid size company (Inktomi) and a large company (Microsoft).   Worked on networking as well as information retrieval (search).   Experience working in a fast paced environment, leading engineering teams.  Specialties: Software engineering excellence, leading teams, building high quality products in a fast paced environment.
Paul Viola is the VP of Science for Prime Air.  In addition to a Ph.D. from MIT, he is the holder of 35 patents in the areas of advanced machine learning, web search, data mining, and image processing.  He is the author of more than 50 academic research papers, which are widely recognized and referenced.  Paul is equally comfortable as a manager, architect, developer, and researcher.  He started out as an academic, eventually becoming a Professor of Computer Science at MIT.  There he developed hard-core highly engineered algorithms that have been adopted world wide. Examples include the world's fastest face detection and recognition system (used widely in digital cameras and surveillance); and the most reliable software for medical image registration (used in surgical planning).  For his research he was the recipient of numerous academic prizes.  Paul joined Microsoft in 2002 as a researcher, where his team applied machine learning to the analysis of documents, emails, and web pages.  He then moved to Microsoft Bing, where he founded Bing's applied research effort in machine learning and text understanding. Paul's team grew to include both research and engineering, creating the algorithms that interpret users' queries, control Bing's page composition, and create the search results page. It was during this tenure, that Bing pulled even with Google in many measurements of search relevance. Eventually Paul led a turn around of the Bing Ads team, bringing in new people and algorithms that greatly increased revenue.
CTO at PubNub. Invests in AI and API tech companies. Artificial Intelligence and Realtime Data. PubNub provides realtime communication infrastructure for telemedicine apps, online learning, on-demand delivery, shared Peloton exercise experiences and more. We built a replicated Multi POP Realtime Data Stream Network written in C for reliability and speed.  Combining artificial intelligence and petabytes of data marks an advantage over AI companies with less data.,stephenlb,
Experienced Human Resources Director with a demonstrated history of working in the pharmaceuticals industry. Strong human resources professional skilled in HR Consulting, Management, Performance Management, Pre-sales, and Business Intelligence.,
Partner at Sequoia Capital. Interested in pretty much everything. Partnered with Citizen, PicsArt, rideOS, Rockset, Threads and more. Previously at Facebook + Microsoft.,mvernal
With two decades of experience in the technology world, Adrian has managed and helped build several successful businesses to develop and deliver products with research and user experience at the heart of every creation.   Through attracting great talent, he’s designed and built high-performing, autonomous teams that foster a collaborative environment and are committed to delivering custom-solutions for clients and their customers. He’s driven and passionate about building Lean and Agile Organizations that create products focused on customer engagement to give clients a competitive advantage with what they offer.   Hypothesize, research, build, and test—from his academic background, this is the approach that Adrian uses to incorporate speed and craftsmanship to help businesses build winning products that keep them ahead of their competitors in the fast-moving technology industry.   Adrian’s other specialities include: Architecture, Technology Design and Implementation for desktop, website, mobile, and social media, omni-channel strategy and planning, CMS, E-commerce, APIs, Platforms, and Enterprise Integration
CEO and MD of STV, a 500M technology venture capital fund — the largest in the Middle East.  Previously, held executive leadership roles at Google's headquarters in California. Headed the company's global efforts to build new businesses and partnerships for Android, Mobile, and Wireless Communications. Prior to that, built and scaled Google’s Android and Play business across Eastern Europe, Middle East and North Africa.   First joined Google in 2009 to establish and lead the company's emerging business operations in the Middle East. Directed the company's regional product and business strategies, led growth and investments, and drove strategic partnerships.   Prior to Google, co-founded a number of technology ventures in the US and managed different technology consulting, banking, and design engagements at Oracle, Morgan Stanley, and Blueprint.   Member of a number of boards, executive, and investment committees. Founding Chairman of the Saudi VC and PE Association.  Attended MIT and received BSc and MEng degrees in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science with a concentration in Economics.,aitmit
Ontario, Canada,I am obsessed with personal and professional growth and how, combined, they fuel inclusive, authentic, highly impactful leadership.  I believe the most important ingredient for any kind of leadership - including self-leadership - is self-awareness. Knowing one’s self deeply creates the foundation for emotional and social intelligence.
Industry leader in Talent and Human Resources, with over 20 years of experience in the art and science of attracting, developing,  retaining, and transforming global talent.  “Big picture” person, always centered around the latest technology, who brings a holistic view of problem solving and strategic thinking to drive outcomes. Deep passion for unlocking human potential and leading innovation, beyond business transformation era after era, to help organizations understand how to maximize their talent lifecycle to stay competitive in their industry.  Domains: building next generation operating models, upskilling talent for the 21st century, developing products with AI, driving outcomes with Agile, transforming global talent functions, crafting programs to support new age leaders in the digital era, and human capital management.  Responsible for advancing BCG's human capital management strategy and amplifying the impact of a global talent function to deliver high value opportunities and solve critical challenges. Focused on reimagining the future model of talent, and unlocking human potential through BCG to help our clients move the world forward.  Prior to BCG, Chief Talent Officer at Intel
If I viewed your profile I probably had a reason.  We've fallen out of touch and I hope you're well. We share an industry or interest and I'd like to collaborate. I'm dreaming up a new adventure and looking for friendly feedback. I misspelled someone's name and got you.  You'll never know which unless you ask!,
I have a proven track record as a leader, innovator, and technologist. I have conceptualized and delivered multiple software products/services in addition to having founded and managed high-performing global teams. I am currently focused on core infrastructure software development for Facebook. Immediately prior, I provided security product leadership for Microsoft cloud identity services. In the past, I have provided architectural leadership for the big-data analytics platform powering customer insights for Microsoft 365. I have also led product management and development activities for the Networking team at Microsoft and was accountable for networking solutions and infrastructural technologies powering all consumer and server OS platforms, devices, as well as Azure infrastructure and services. Additionally, past responsibilities at MSFT included strategic, business, product management, and development leadership for core data storage, as well as platform high-availability solutions foundational to mission-critical application deployments. Prior to MSFT, my entrepreneurial initiatives include founding Kuokoa Networks to deliver enterprise networked-storage solutions, as well as NTCS, Inc. to deliver data-storage, collaboration, and security solutions. I have also held technical leadership positions with Hewlett-Packard and IBM. I am credited with 12+ patents and multiple publications, including a seminal book on file-system development. I hold a BE (Computer Engineering)
Working on augmenting human intelligence and mobilizing knowledge by leveraging the right technology and UX.   Former: Product Bing (Microsoft), Engineering Apple, Bloomberg, and several startups  I speak a few languages, and traveled to just over 70 countries. Lived in Hong Kong, Tokyo, Seoul, Singapore, New York, Bay Area, Seattle; now back in Toronto.,tisJYeung,
Jeff Weiner is the executive chairman of LinkedIn, where he continues to help LinkedIn realize its vision of creating economic opportunity for every member of the global workforce. He'll also continue to mentor and coach the leadership team, advise on key strategic initiatives, and help to represent the company externally. In addition to his ongoing work at LinkedIn, Jeff is focused on investing, coaching and his philanthropic work, including helping to ensure that compassion is taught and practiced in every primary school in the U.S.  Prior to becoming executive chairman in June 2020, Jeff was the CEO of LinkedIn. During his 11-year tenure, LinkedIn grew its membership base from 33M to more than 690M, increased its revenue from 78M to over 7.9B and expanded the team from 338 employees to over 16,000.  Also, presently resides on the board of directors for Intuit, Donorschoose.org and Everfi, an ed tech company with which he co-founded The Compassion Project, a non-profit whose mission is to ensure compassion is taught in every elementary school in the U.S.  Additionally, an active early and growth stage investor through his Next Play Ventures fund and separately, the newly created Concrete Rose Capital fund, focused on investing in diverse founders, start-ups serving underserved communities and/or building diverse teams.   Prior to LinkedIn
I have been fortunate to have had experience leading at companies both large and small.  This has helped me develop an approach that blends big company scale/structure with a start-up sense of urgency.  My focus is building high performance sales teams that sell the right way (collaborative with internal partners and consultative with customers).     There are 3 areas that I use to measure myself.  Did my team exceed their number?  Have each of the team members developed/enhanced skills that increase their value?  Did we do things the right way and build a culture that makes us proud?  I believe in full transparency and thought sharing my Leadership Philosophy will give a better picture of me:  1)   Connect individually with each member of team (and extended team)     2)   Recruit always; Seek past success, passion, adaptability, and ability to learn from mistakes  3)   Ensure conversations start with numbers.  Build plan for 200% of target.  4)   Decide to be successful.  We are not victims.  5)   Find great ideas from all levels.  6)   Work for the team (get right team on field and ensure they have tools for success; remove friction).  7)   Add value in each customer touch point and in the next meeting they will bring others.  8)   Understand your client's organization structure to drive growth and to mitigate risk.  9)   Build a cohesive team.  Create structure where everyone can be successful.  Seek initiatives for  individuals that help the whole.   10) Make work fun.  If you are interviewing with me please reference that you read this as it demonstrates some of how you prepare for a meeting.
A product development, technology enthusiast with a passion for innovation and building large scale transactional applications and distributed systems.  Experience with building highly scalable platform architectures in the cloud (AWS and Azure).  Strong believer in building a positive, motivating, people centric culture, fostering ownership and improving organizational efficiency. Thrives in fast-paced, dynamic, highly iterative environments.  Impressive track record of building and growing teams and leveraging resources to meet diverse business demands and deliver world-class technical solutions.  Stimulating an environment in organizations driving faster execution, improved accountability and ownership, promoting knowledge share, resource career growth and team building.  Have been the lynchpin of the company in days of change management.  Very comfortable and productive in high pressure environments and time driven projects with focus on risk analysis ￼￼￼and mitigation planning.,
My work focuses on the interface of computer science and business management. I use machine learning, data analytics, and operations research techniques to help businesses to answer strategic questions, improve performance, and tackle problems. I have a multidisciplinary research and education background of computer science, data science, engineering, and business management.  Specialties: data mining, web mining,  applied machine learning, information retrieval, business intelligence, information systems analysis and design, requirements engineering, and process modeling.
Through each position I’ve had, I’ve built a lifetime of leadership learning - from my early days as an officer in the Canadian Naval Reserve to more recent opportunities managing people towards growth and conquering their goals. I find it endlessly rewarding to unlock potential and be alongside inspiring teams who strive to create products that people love.  Most of my roles have been in game production, centred around problem-solving, process improvement, and leadership. I have worked in project management at the studio level and product development but I have also had roles in design and pitch development.    I have also been a volunteer mentor for many  I work to pass on my experience to help people succeed in their goals.  Specialties: Project Management Certificate and Certified ScrumMaster. Leadership, Organization, Resilience, Resourcefulness, Kindness, Enthusiasm!,PaigeMeekison,
Engineering and technology leader in cloud, distributed systems and networking.,
Current CEO of Altron Group where our purpose is to deliver innovation that matters. Our vision is to be the leading technology solutions providers in our chosen markets as One Altron. He is a published author of “Betting on a Darkie”,mteton,
Holly Peck is a creative technologist and AI leader, founder, advisor, and electronic artist. She has a BA from Princeton University and a background in AI/robotics and cognitive services. Once, she wrote a thesis on death and symbolic immortality.   Currently, Holly is Director of Creative Services at Soul Machines, an Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) company backed by Salesforce Ventures, Temasek, and Mercedes-Benz Ventures. There, she leads a global team of NLP/NLU engineers, conversational designers, and linguists pioneering the future of conversational AI for embodied machine agents. Additionally, she works with technical art teams and RandD to ship personalized, character experiences to the Fortune 50. Previously, Holly was Director of Human-Robot Interaction (HRI) at a humanoid robotics company, where she built AI-powered cognitive architecture for humanoid robots and created IP around the future of ethical human-robot interaction.  Holly is founder and director of Women Who Code Vancouver, a community she grew from 0 to 2300 techlords in three years. She is a 2018 BC Business 30 Under 30
Fifteen years in tech with focus in high growth consumer startups. Currently the General Manager of Wattpad, a tech and entertainment platform with an amazing global community of 80M people.  I love working in industries that are pioneering a radically different business or technology, and growing people and organizations to do what's never been done before. I love what I do, and am passionate about helping young professionals find fulfillment in their careers.,hwangjeanne,
Alexandra founded Advance Tech Media home of the Advance Tech Podcast where she interviews founders, developers and leaders from around the globe in the emerging tech space. As CEO, she grew the global audience of the podcast to reach 1 million listeners in just over a year.  She previously worked for Microsoft as Developer Engagement Lead, Western Canada, responsible for evangelizing Azure, DevOps and OSS initiatives and growing engagement in developer communities across western Canada (Victoria, Vancouver, Calgary, Winnipeg). As Canadian Ambassador for Microsoft’s Azure Tech Communities she added 20,000 developers to the program.  She has leveraged over a decade of experience developing opportunities, business and industry partnerships in various roles, as Vice President of Business Development at AdapTech Group, and as co-founder of AdapTech LABS where she continues as an Advisor.   Alexandra is well versed in digital transformation and brings a solid understanding of emerging technologies like Bitcoin, distributed and event-based systems and how these impact organizations. She is developing her experience in Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning and is actively involved as a speaker at local and international conferences and events.,
Recruiter for technology professionals at Pro-Vision Information System. Always looking for a technology driven people to join us.   Experienced Sales Development Specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Customer Relations, Business Development, and Sales Management, with a Bachelor's degree focused in Mass Communication and Management from Collage of Management.
Product manager turned early-stage investor. I'm passionate about working with world changing companies and building thriving startup ecosystems.   Specialties: Venture capital, Pre-seed investing, Seed investing, Startups, Startup Ecosystems, Product Management, Product Marketing, Startups, Entrepreneurship, Lean Startup, Lean Analytics, Customer Acquisition, Retention Marketing, Leadership, Project Management, Agile, Go-to-Market, E-Commerce
Self-motivated with strong problem solving and organization skills. Spontaneously effective talented professional with a good background in engineering and applied mathematics. Multi-disciplined and prefers to work on many engineering topics simultaneously rather than one specific field. Excellent linguistic skills in English, Arabic and French.  Flaws: Interested in everything but committed to nothing!  Skillset: Power distribution and transmission lines, signal processing, digital analysis, electrical and electronics circuits'​ analysis, AutoCad, Autodesk Revit, Matlab, C programming, Embedded systems' design, applied mathematics and complex analysis
Sales Manager at Microsoft in charge : - Drive sustainable growth YoY within the Enterprise space - Drive Sales Excellence strategy and Execution - Build and Manage Sales Team (pre-sales and account management)  My goal is to lead manage and develop an IT leading company  Specialties: Sales Management and Leadership,Bouhmouch
American venture capitalist focused on European tech,hkanji,
Seasoned marketing and product management executive with expertise launching and scaling startups. Currently CMO at Copper, a modern CRM for innovators and fast movers.   Fast-growing startups have an energy and urgency in which I thrive, and I love the challenges of nailing product/market fit and launching into market. Recruited by Microsoft after graduating from Waterloo, I started my career in product management for what was then the Consumer Products Division. Following my return to Canada I made the transition into marketing and have since leveraged both sets of skills at every turn.   I am also Chair of the Board of Directors at Progress Place, a nonprofit organization that promotes recovery from mental illness through psychosocial rehabilitation.,carrieleigh8,
A business-focused pragmatic senior technologist with a passion for cloud and big data/AI. International speaker and keynote presenter. Have been working with AWS and Azure since 2008 and contributed to the design of some of the current AWS services.  Experience of driving technology transformation in large public, private and government organisations (including heavily regulated financial services), building and executing IT strategies, modernizing business-critical IT, building cloud-first technology organisations, delivering business value and cost savings and innovation modern technology.,ymisnik
I am super passionate about ideas and making an impact.  I build successful sales teams, deliver results and develop executive relationships.,lindayee8
“Hello World” As those two words beamed on the CRT screen I knew I was sold to building software. Now! As software eats the world, I help organizations decide on whether they are going to be the starter, main dish or dessert!   Growing up, I always wanted to be a Doctor, a Medical Doctor! Something about relieving people from pain and misery was a superpower my young brain wanted, it felt right. At the same time, I loved (and still love) Math, and at some point, in my teen years, I thought I would be a Mathematics teacher. As fate would have it, I did not make the grade to pursue medicine, and I ended up pursuing Computer Science. It is in the existential crisis of my early 20’s, that I discovered I could use my Computer Science background, to realize my childhood dream of changing the world, and I ended up being a Doctor of another kind.   Over the past decade, I have applied digital technology in various sectors, Public, Private and Non-profit, as well as various domains Health
Social selling and human client experience. Reimagining the future of work.  Coffee.,clarashih
I've spent over 15 years in Toronto's tech industry in companies from early stage start-ups to enterprise organizations. I've experienced high growth, no growth, lay-offs, multiple pivots and several MandAs. These experiences have allowed me to have unique view on the various directions a business can take and how vital it is that people strategies stay business aligned to ensure the best possible outcomes.,SaraACooper
A public affairs professional with in-depth experience and a proven track record of delivering strong performance in a high-pressure, multi-stakeholder work environment. Recognized as an effective team member with excellent writing, research, event planning and strategic communication skills.,Clark_al,
A dynamic, results oriented leader with deep knowledge and proven success in Omni-Channel, ecommerce and digital. Delivers breakthrough performance and shareholder value via transformational change and the creation of extraordinary consumer and commercial experiences. Possesses the strategic vision and leadership required to transform businesses that face disruption due to changing market or technology dynamics, particularly in the areas of Omni channel, digital intermediation and customer experience. Superior interpersonal skills, capable of resolving multiple and complex issues and motivating staff to peak performance by rallying around a common, shared vision.  Specialties: Canada, Omni Channel, Interconnected Retail, Digital, Advertising, Marketing, Sales, Branding, Transformation, Strategy,kerrymunrois,
A creative, enthusiastic and adaptable entrepreneur that overachieves in fast-paced businesses and international environments.  Specialties: The Organisations Strategy Management Paradigm: 1. Blue Ocean 2. Balanced Scorecards 3. Six Sigma  Thesis: - The evolution of Balanced Scorecards and their application in the Startup and SMB environment, - The development of a Balanced Scorecard program for large enterprise and the BSC culture at Microsoft CORP.
Always happy to help new product managers, feel free to reach out to me if there's something specific I can do! (But please explain what in the connection request)  Product leader with ten years of work experience in product management, leadership, digital strategy, data-driven decision making, and consumer behaviour. Advisor, investor, director, and coach.  Led marketing and product efforts at established companies as well as funded startups. Created Web, iOS and Android products both as a freelancer and with extremely talented teams for millions of users. Done waterfall, but prefer Agile.  Three key things to know about me: 1) I have a profound love for competition and challenge 2) I'm constantly looking to learn new things and improve myself 3) I am always open to meeting new people and seeing how I can help them, especially in the Toronto tech community.  Specialties: Building product teams, coaching product managers, business strategy, product management, UX design, product development
Multifaceted Talent, Compensation and Human Resources professional with ~18+ years of industry experience in public and pre-IPO high growth environments.  Specialties: Talent Acquisition (all levels, including leadership), compensation, HR, storytelling, DandI, mentoring, social media marketing, employer branding, and program management.   Passions: Technology, photography, hiking, non-profit, and interior design.,
Through TRSM's Co-op Program, I've had the opportunity to work in sales, marketing, and operations at both start-ups and enterprise.   In July 2020 - I will begin my career at Microsoft as a Technical Account Manager.   My top priorities are: driving business impact, seeking out personal development opportunities, and making a lasting positive impact with my peers. I'm passionate about technology, such as IoT and AI, and have made the investment into learning through certifications and reading.  Outside of work - I enjoy reading, exploring the outdoors, weight lifting, and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Challenging myself and learning new things is something that drives me every single day.   Supporting other upcoming students is something I'm very passionate about so feel free to message me for a chat.,
Mississauga, Ontario, CanadaOctober 31,How do we use technology to augment human capability and ultimately improve our world? Cloud data paired with capable hardware drive innovation with how we interact with elements of our every day. Knowledge is power as we work to harness that potential. Giddy up!,
15 years of Industry experience, an accomplished HR Leader with an eye to build top-tier product, design, Engineering and Sales/BD teams for high-growth product companies  Insights leader on recruitment efforts and recruitment market in India, South East Asia  Expertise in building teams from scratch and contribute to the growth of the organization by attracting top talent and helping build strong employer brands  Strategic thinker with deep business acumen and ability to work effectively across different cultures and working environments  Experience in translating business strategy into talent acquisition plans, process innovation, building and leading high performing Talent Acquisition team  Views expressed here are my own and do not necessarily reflect the views of my employer.  Awards and Accolades:  Featured in Linkedin Power Profile 2018 edition( Singapore’s Most Viewed Professionals by Linkedin)   Featured in 101 top Global DandI leaders by World HRD congress for the year 2019  Recognized as one of India's top 10 social Recruiters, here is the link to the case study published by Linkedin- how-to-be-a-rockstar-recruiter  CoE Awards - Top 25 Women Leaders in India who made a Difference in Talent Acquisition She's MAD on TA  Recepient of Femina-Women Super Achiever Award by World HRD congress  People Matters TA league Award 2015 in Social Hiring Best practices   Asia Recruitment Awards 2016 Winner - Best in Employer Brand Development  Asia Recruitment Awards 2017  - Best Inhouse Recruitment Team,vyasnamita
Experienced Inhouse/Corporate recruiter who specializes in helping all facets of the business grow.  From Technical, UI/UX. Performance Marketing to Sales, Creative, Finance, Operations and more.  I have helped both Start up and tenured organizations attain their companies goals for growth with A talent in a very short time to help with their ever evolving businesses.  Making sure the candidate has a positive experience is always key for me, as I am the brand ambassador for the company!,
Conversational AI has existed in one form or another since 1966, but for most of its history it has been in the background, doing customer service “dirty work” and providing experiences that usually just irritated users. With today’s advances in deep learning and other forms of AI, there’s a new opportunity to apply this technology to marketing and commerce. It’s taken center stage in how the world’s leading brands acquire customers and nurture stronger relationships with them. This is Automat’s mission, and with a founding team that boasts a combined 50 years of experience in Conversational AI, we’re bringing to bear the expertise and pedigree that’s needed to realize its full potential.
Experienced Business Intelligence Manager with a demonstrated history of working in the management consulting industry. Skilled in Negotiation, Sales, Marketing, Project Management, and Customer Service. Strong research professional graduated from Microsoft.
My career has been dynamic to say the least.  Right out of school, I worked for a fortune 80 company as a Software Engineer and then quickly realized that my calling was in Sales.  I learned the basics with Texas Instruments and then transitioned into sales in 2006.  I am a driven and passionate sales professional who specializes in starting up new regions for companies as well as working on GTM strategy for new products.  I have gained experience in software development, project management, pre-sales and post-sales.  I am a very ambitious and diverse individual and based on my past experience, I am at a point now where I would like to find a long and fulfilling career in sales.  Specialties: SaaS, POS, Mobile payments, Challenger sales, management, ALM consultant, requirements management, Agile, solution based selling, and enterprise sales,
A seasoned and passionate senior executive with over two decades of experience building and leading high performance teams both locally and internationally - Consistent track record of driving a high margin business, over-achieving on financial targets, creating and driving a high performance culture, managing product lines and budgets, growing sales and new business development - Passionate about leading people through corporate change, establishing accountable and committed team environments with a bias to action and fostering innovation from within - A healthy track record of identifying growth opportunities and partnerships (both internally and externally) - An aptitude and deep understanding of the digital, entertainment and media ecosystem  - Strong people, strategy and process manager, whose advice is sought across industry circles - A leader with a reputation as an honest, candid and proactive communicator  Specialties: General management, executive leadership, strategy development, product and project management; partner management and negotiations; advertising and monetization; operational improvement and execution. digital media, online video, content creation, mobile application development, multi-platform content experiences, audience development and engagement
I'm a problem solver who takes absolute ownership to drive things forward; defining product strategy and roadmaps, accelerating business and product metrics, growing high performing teams, communicating with executives, and delivering best in class user experience. I have worked for businesses in Asia, Australia and North America.  Currently, I'm working as a Senior Product Manager at Compass Digital Labs in Toronto, Canada. I am very well capable of managing ambiguity, complexity, and inter dependencies in a structured way to deliver user centric experience at scale and have prior experience with scrum and agile software development processes.  Industries: Food Technology, Mobility, Electric Vehicle, Bike sharing, Travel
Cameron Aaron is a native of Studio City, CA and graduated from Bridges Academy with a young expert designation after doing Neuroscience and Artificial intelligence research. He is a Junior at Connecticut College in New London, CT and a former Software Engineer at GitHub a subsidiary of Microsoft. Cameron is a double major in Computer Science and Psychology with a minor in Cognitive Science and a Scholar in the Ammerman Center of Arts and Technology. He conducts both Artificial intelligence and Cognitive Neuroscience research. He is currently the head of special events at the Connecticut College TED Club and is in charge of the youth event TEDxYouthNewLondon. He is a Google product Expert and is currently a moderator for the official Google Android Beta subreddit.,CameronAaron4
Showcased excellence in establishing the internal HR processes; creating structure and functions including benefits, compensation, legal, compliance, staffing and employee relations  Pivotal in managing core activities like risk assessment and business continuity planning and resolving security problems encountered  Extensive experience in heading smooth implementation of HR policies for manpower planning, performance management, recruitment, selection, induction, orientation  Achievement oriented professional with excellent people management skills and an ability to manage change with ease,
Tahsim Ahmed is the founder of Fanspoke, operating at the intersection of music and voice technology. Tahsim's spreads his vision for tech as a TEDx speaker and representing Canada and North America at KPMG's 2018 'AR Ideation' Global Finals. (Prev. Product Management at IBM, Microsoft, HP and Cambridge Global Payments)   The 'Fanspoke x Sam Feldt' collaboration made ripples in dance music/EDM and has captured the attention of the biggest labels and management teams in music.  Tahsim created the world's first Dance Music and Voice experience with international gold-selling artist: Sam Feldt, grew and expanded TribalScale's Venture Studios or PwC TRS team's RPA practice, building and bringing consumer and enterprise-grade POCs/products to market ranging from web platforms, mobile, bots, voice apps, RPA, payment trackers, healthcare, CPGs and many more emerging tech.   He continues to frequently stimulate knowledge sharing as a TEDx speaker, leading international sessions at the 2018 Global VOICE Summit and 2019 Alexa Conference, participating in many panels and keynotes such as 2019 APEX Conference and 2018 SPP Conference.  As Tahsim continues to build Fanspoke, he remains committed to improving the lives of others; by serving as an Advisor to OneProsper International, teaching youth financial literacy and helping others achieve employment via Youth Shelters and one-to-one support for university/college students.  For business, speaking or any professional inquiries
I specialize in recruiting experienced professionals and experts in Information Technology for Contract Roles.  Call me now to discuss how I can help you advance your career   Here at HAYS we power the world of work. Hays is the expert at recruiting qualified, professional and skilled people worldwide.   We operate right across the private and public sectors, dealing in permanent, contract roles and temporary assignments. Hays employs 9,600 staff operating from 251 offices in 33 countries across 20 specialisms. Last year our experts placed around 220,000 people into permanent and contract jobs.  For more information about Hays Canada, visit hays.ca
A seasoned business leader with deep roots in technology and media, with the skillset and mindset of a career spent on the leading edge of some of Canada's largest and fastest businesses.  Strong on leadership, with a penchant for revenue and profit growth, and a passion for strategy, Rory has built a track record of building both businesses and strong partnerships in the Canadian technology and media sectors.  Much of his success is credited to his determination to find value through innovation and insight, with a sharp focus on people and partners.  Specialties: High-performance team leadership, sales, strategic partnerships, digital business transformation, advertising science, strategic planning and analysis
I joined Foundation Capital as a General Partner because I thought it would be a great opportunity to apply my lifelong learning of scaling organizations to help entrepreneurs succeed in achieving their vision. I get most excited about B2B, specifically focusing on companies that are applying machine learning/AI across the enterprise stack. Like most of the partners at Foundation Capital, my background is as an operator. I’ve spent 15 years in a variety of roles that have taught me some important lessons . I’ve applied these lessons to being the type of board member who truly acts as a partner to the entrepreneurs by being a friend and supporter, but also a challenger, and through that, hopefully helping the founder to achieve their highest aspirations.   One of my high points as a VC was when one of my CEOs told me that he enjoys putting me in front of his entire team [in all hands meetings] because he felt it has a positive impact on internal motivation and in turn, the bottom line. I was so grateful to receive this kind of feedback because helping my portfolio companies succeed is my main goal as a VC. One way I realize this is through my unconditional commitment to stand by a founder’s side as we work together to make their company a success throughout all of the highs and lows a startup naturally experiences.   One thing that I’ve learned through my operational experience is being able to really zoom in and focus on important issues that will improve a product or the overall user experience. I’m not really a fade-into-the-background kind of guy. What I mean by that is I am committed to delivering constructive feedback in a respectful way if I feel it will propel growth forward, even if it can get uncomfortable at times. However, I also believe I am good at knowing when to step aside and let the entrepreneur execute.
I joined First Round Capital in 2006 and in 2018 I shifted to Board Partner and now focus on existing investments including Roblox, Warby Parker, Nomad Health, Troops, Outlier, Live Intent, RecRoom, Stensul and more.   Companies I've worked with who have been acquired include Hotel Tonight (AirBnB), Flurry (Yahoo!), Invite Media (Google), Ring (Amazon), Demdex (Adobe), Adaptly (Accenture), DoubleVerify (Providence Equity), Yapta (Coupa Software), iovation (TransUnion), Yapta (Coupa) and Arbor.io and Circulate were acquired by the same company (Axciom) on the same day.   Others I've worked with that are now public companies include ScanScout/Tremor (NYSE: TLRA) and MyYearbook (Nasdaq: MEET), and in early 2017 I joined The Meet Group board of directors.     I've always been interested in venture capital
Arnaud Bonzom is the co-founder Map of the Money, a Singaporean-based platform to connect amazing entrepreneurs to great investors in Southeast Asia. He is a frequent speaker at several international conferences including Slush, Tech in Asia, Rise, and Web Summit.  Arnaud is active as an Entrepreneur-in-Residence at INSEAD and has co-authored a report with INSEAD on how the largest organizations are engaging with startups which achieved press coverage across 28 countries and generated more than 120 speaking engagement invitations.  He has been invited by Accenture, Airbus, Allianz, Amazon Web Services, BMW, Deloitte, INSEAD, MERCER, NUS, Standard Chartered, as well as the Estonian, German and the Singaporean Governments, among others to share his input on Corporate Innovation and Startup Ecosystem.  His main research interest is in Startups and Innovation. More generally, he is fond of subjects which combine several if not all of the following themes: - Entrepreneurship - Venture Capital - Corporate Development - Corporate Startup Engagement - Building a Startup Ecosystem  He is also the author of The Asia Funding / MandA Newsletter and the Singapore startup ecosystem and entrepreneur toolbox as well as a mentor at Entrepreneur First and Techstars in Singapore.  Arnaud is a former Venture Partner at 500 Startups where he was focusing on helping Southeast Asian entrepreneurs to succeed. Earlier in his career, he was involved in setting up and growing new businesses including for INSEAD as Assistant Director of Corporate Partnership Development. Prior to that
Experienced Senior Business Manager and Information Technology Professional with a demonstrated history of success working in the staffing and recruiting industry to assist clients/candidates to develop a long term relationship for mutual benefit. Strong information technology professional skilled in Storage Area Network (SAN), Sales, Professional Services, Software Industry, and Storage Solutions.,
Strategic Watch  - Organisation and change management - Digital Project management from the analysis phase to the implementation  - Consulting - Business Intelligence - Études de marché, - Social Media Monitoring - CRM activities and Project Management - Relations publiques - Communication / Communication Stratégique - Marketing sur les médias sociaux - Rédaction / Production de contenu - Microsoft Office,
Digital innovator, empowering businesses to achieve more through technology.  My experience ranges from bitsandbytes implementations up to building innovative business cases. A strong advocate for Design Thinking, I enjoy bringing bleeding edge IOT, analytics and AI innovations to the mass.,
As a forward-thinking C-level  software and technology leader, I bring to the table 20 years of success spanning strategy execution, business development, sales, account management and consulting within the media industry. My background includes specialization in data driven software, the unification of linear and connected TV, blockchain technologies. Crafting inventive business strategies is my forte. To do so, I keep a pulse on the latest trends and audience insights, and constantly collaborate with peers.   My goal in this space is to elevate advertiser ROI and publisher monetization while enhancing the consumer’s ad experience. At the same time, I focus on growing company revenues and new business by leading cross-functional teams in developing innovative, competitive solutions.   During my career, I’ve amassed a long list of influential industry contacts at Google, Facebook, YouTube, ABC / ESPN, NBC Universal, Verizon and Comcast, among many others. Calling on these contacts, I foster strategic partnerships and multimillion-dollar deals.  Most recently as Chief Strategy Officer for VideoAmp
San Francisco Bay Area
I am a technologist, passionate about building high impact products in fast paced environments. In my 8+ years of experience, I have worked on almost every part of the stack and at different stages of startups too. Currently, I am leveraging machine learning and Emotion AI to build algorithms that match people to products according to their perceptions.  Experience: Deep Learning, Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, NodeJS, iOS,
Heavy technical/math background with an eye for art/design Computer Graphics, Game Development, Computer Vision
a professional Software Engineer with experience with Microsoft and Google, living and working in the Seattle area.  Joe is a Principal Engineer at VMware helping to drive Cloud Native technologies (including Kubernetes). He joined via the acquisition of Heptio, a startup he founded with Craig McLuckie.  Joe has a wide variety of skills and experience.  Most recently, Joe helped start the Kubernetes project (http://kubernetes.io) to manage clusters of compute containers. Before that, Joe founded Google Compute Engine and was the lead engineer for the project.  Previous, Joe worked on the Google ads system to build tools to help advertisers pick the right keywords and bids, connect Google services to the public telephone network (PSTN) and defining and launching Google Talk.  Joe's experience at Microsoft included playing a key role in designing the next generation graphics system for Windows (graphics and media APIs for WPF).  Prior to that he worked on MSHTML/Trident, the rendering engine for Internet Explorer for IE 4, IE 5, IE 5.5 and IE 6.  He worked with the core data structures, parsing and drove performance across the product.  Joe's education includes a BS in CS with High Distinction and Departmental Honors from Harvey Mudd College in Claremont, California.  During college Joe worked with a local start up and did internships at Fermilab National Accelerator Laboratory in Batavia, Illinois and at Microsoft in Redmond.  The Microsoft internships included working with the Project team and the Windows NT OpenGL team.  Joe lives in Seattle with his wife, a doctor, and his son and daughter.  His hobbies include landscape photography, specializing in digital panoramics.,jbeda,
Liam has led engineering teams at Google and Microsoft. He's founded three startups and comes from a software engineering and design background. He’s passionate about building teams and products that live at the intersection of great design, useful technology and strategic business. He loves typography, industrial design and analyzing decisions.  He also doesn’t sleep much and has a life goal of wanting to enrich as many people’s lives as possible before he dies.,LiamBolling
I run Wafffle, a creative agency that makes highly shareable commercials and videos. We work with brands and tech startups.  I provided the creative direction for the Beats by Dre global holiday campaign, a TV spot that premiered on the Thanksgiving Day football game. I've appeared in viral videos with Kylie and Kendall Jenner, Serena Williams, and Nicki Minaj.  When I'm not making videos for clients, I make them for fun. I learned to dance in a year, tilted the Streets of San Francisco, and created a new selfie trend. (Watch the videos at http://karenx.com),karenxcheng,
We're hiring algorithmically strong folks to work on product problems. We have a fairly good team that you might enjoy working with. We really have a unique risk/reward in the valley.  I used to do a lot of programming contests: I was ranked #1 in India at TopCoder while at college. 2x Google Code Jam world finalist. 2x ACM ICPC world finalist.
Andrew Warr is a mixed-methods product researcher and software engineer. He has applied experience with both qualitative and quantitative research methods that has led to the development and launch of features and products that are used by hundreds of millions of people every day. His strong technical skills have also allowed him to develop prototypes and production systems, as well as contribute to open-source software projects. In addition to his individual contributor work, Andrew has built and managed teams that have been instrumental to product development at world renowned technology companies.,andywarr
Skills * Applied Machine Learning * Online trust, abuse detection, payment fraud detection, content moderation * Research experience in computational cognitive neuroscience * Distributed system architecture and design * Large scale data processing pipelines * Strong analytical skills  Leadership Skills * Building ethical teams that do the right thing and collaborate effectively * Fast pace incremental execution with small wins while working towards the long term vision * Decisions driven by data, constraints and markets rather than wishes or emotions * Solid at abstracting, up levelling, communicating and pitching * Identify win-win outcomes for all parties involved * Strong at cross team collaborations and working with remote teams spread across time zones,
Senior backend engineer in Airbnb.   - I am the leading engineer for targeting platform sending 2k campaigns/year for 11 different channels delivering 1.3 billion unique content to users.  - Developed audience targeting from one single module to a system with frontend UI to edit sophisticated rules, backend service(Java) handling 6K QPS with 80ms P95 latency for 11 different channels and data pipeline(Hive, airflow and airstream) to process and aggregate 300 million user attributes.  - Managed and coordinated a team of 3 engineers working on targeting platform.  Skills:  Backend, Java, Python, AWS, big data processing, Hive, MySQL, airflow, airstream, Elasticsearch, Kafka, streaming process, data pipeline,
Sharad's mantra is to lead big and small companies through orbit change. He has three decades of experience in the Internet, Enterprise Software, and Digital Infrastructure markets and is a prominent voice in India's technology ecosystem.   Sharad is a passionate evangelist of the software product ecosystem in India. He co-founded iSPIRT Foundation, a non-profit technology think tank devoted to making India a product nation. Earlier, he Chaired NASSCOM Product Forum in its formative years and was a member of the NASSCOM Executive Council from 2009-13.  Sharad co-founded Teltier Technologies Inc., a wireless infrastructure startup now part of CISCO, and is an active technology angel investor with over two dozen investments. He was also instrumental in the success of India's first IP focussed fund, India Innovation Fund.  Sharad has held several senior RandD executive positions with leading technology companies, including Yahoo, VERITAS Software, Symantec, Lucent Technologies, and ATandT.  Zinnov gave him the RandD Visionary Award in 2008 for his work on creating a strong MNC RandD footprint in India.  Sharad is a member of SEBI's Financial and Regulatory Technology Committee. He has also served on RBI's UK Sinha MSME Committee and National Digital Payments Committee.   Sharad got interested in kernel software development while doing his Electrical Engineering at Delhi College of Engineering. He started India's first Student Minicomputer Club in 1984 as served as the Chairperson of the IEEE Student Chapter.,sharads
I'm an experienced leader with the unique combination of deep technical expertise, executive leadership, and engineering management. I have years of experience scaling systems, teams, and companies. I love solving challenging engineering problems, growing businesses, and leading teams, and I'm passionate about creating environments that encourage growth and creativity. As a technical executive, I am highly skilled at bridging the gap between engineering and business, capable of both tactically improving execution of technical organizations and seeing the big picture to point the way for them to scale and evolve.   Speaking and writing at  Specialties: Technology strategy and leadership, distributed systems, engineering management, concurrency, debugging, public speaking, writing,skamille
Founder and CEO of AnswerIQ , a Seattle based artificial intelligence company in the customer support space.    Prior to AnswerIQ , I was the CEO of Aditi Technologies (2007-2016), a leading cloud services provider I grew the company and  executed a successful sale to a Symphony Teleca, a PE firm. In short succession, I was part of another transaction of Symphony Teleca to Harman International in Jan 2015.   I was at Microsoft as the General Manager of the Independent Software Vendors (ISV) business and  spent 12 years (1994-2006) in Microsoft in various leadership roles in sales, marketing and program management.  I am actively involved with software community and startups in Seattle, I am currently the President of Tie Seattle. I serve on the board of Washington Technology Association and on the advisory board of several startups in Seattle.,pradeeprat,
I have seen the light! Power BI has transformed my professional career, multiplying my impact manifold. Now I am on a mission to spread the word and share the knowledge.,powerbipro
Building the platform over 10,000 businesses around the world rely on to grow faster and deliver amazing email and web experiences.  If you like designing and scaling systems to 100k+ operations / second or creating user experiences used by 100M+ people, we're hiring!,abialecki
I currently lead a team, funded by Google’s incubator Area 120, that’s working to recreate the technical interviewing experience to be more effective, efficient, and equitable. Our product is built with product inclusion principals and our team culture is built on the values of integrity and  empathy.  Previously, I was a software engineer on Google Photos Android, where I focused on building features for the Gallery (home tab) and improving the Photos app experience for users in lower-connectivity areas around the world. I also worked on the backend team for Google MyMaps, a tool to help people communicate and discover information relevant to their world on a map.
I have over 20 years business experience 14 of which have been in senior line management positions.  I have 7 years experience in Strategy and M and A roles and Marketing roles.   I have 7 years experience as a line manager with full profit and loss responsibility.   My work experience ranges from silica sand mining ; telecommunications and Internet advertising businesses  Specialties: Ø	Extensive line management experience 150 – 500 + people  Ø	Strong experience in managing sales channels servicing consumer and commercial markets Ø	Proven ability to lead business units through successful change  Ø	Significant and proven experience in the development and articulation of business strategies Ø	Strong mergers and acquisitions experience within Australia, Asia, USA and Europe.  Ø	Extensive knowledge of the Internet based businesses,Ellisgreg10,
A very tech-savvy person, passionate enough about technology to work with it, use it, build it, and write about. Has a strong foundation in computer science, and generally, in the information technology realm. Well versed in Project Management, problem-solving, and loves to share what she knows through blogging and training sessions. A team player who's passionate about emerging technologies and new ways to solve classical problems. Always welcome new challenges and think out of the box.   Specialities:   -Leadership -Project Management -Team Management -Effective Communication -Risk Management -Critical Thinking -Self-motivated,MahrukhRaza05
Tim is a passionate technology leader with a background in engineering, consulting, public speaking and technology training. He works at Confluent as the Senior Director of Developer Experience. He blogs occasionally at http://timberglund.com, and lives in Littleton, CO, USA with the wife of his youth and their youngest child, the other two having mostly grown up.,tlberglund
Ankit Tomar is the Co-founder and CTO of Bizongo. Bizongo is the largest B2B platform which helps enterprises produce and source packaging using technology. Their vision is to enable businesses to build a better connected and sustainable world for our future generations. Ankit is passionate about technology and building products. He believes in constant learning and evolution.,ankitt126,
Engineering executive with a track record of transforming products and teams in hyper growth companies. Strong in building, scaling consumer and enterprise products.  Currently, Engineering leader at Uber, lead the Rider team responsible for helping 110M+ consumers with 7B trips every year.,_5K,
EVP, Chief Technology Officer and Chief Strategy Officer  Adobe.  Seasoned executive with proven record of creating and scaling new businesses. Consistently developed breakthrough platforms being used by millions of users worldwide.   As Chief Technology Officer (CTO)  Adobe, responsible for overall technology direction, driving product strategy and engineering execution across the entire portfolio of products for Adobe(Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud).   As Chief Strategy Officer (CSO)  Adobe, responsible for driving overall strategy and growth agenda including Corporate Strategy function, MandA and Global Partnerships for Adobe.  Prior to Adobe, instrumental in building large scale developer and cloud platforms at Microsoft (Azure, .NET), Enterprise stints at Oracle/IBM and successful startup-to-scale leadership stints at i2 and Kony.  Co-author of 2 Books and Named inventor on 25+ patents spanning enterprise and consumer technologies.,
I am an engineering and product leader with a decade+ of experience building products that serve billions of users. If you have used YouTube or Facebook, you have likely used something that my teams built. I care deeply about understanding and picking the right problems to solve, crafting product experiences that feel intuitive and joyous and engineering these products with an eye toward performance, reliability and craft. I have supported engineering teams ranging from 15-250 in size and a product team of 50+ PMs. I believe in giving people opportunities that challenge them, while providing constant feedback to help them learn and grow. I believe in building cohesive teams that are centered around a common mission, teams that are inclusive and welcome debate and a diversity of opinion.  I am currently working on some of my own ideas and am open for consulting and advising opportunities.,radoshi
Rahul Sood is the co-founder of Unikrn, a global Esports entertainment and sports betting platform built on cutting edge blockchain and gaming technologies.   Previous to Unikrn, Sood created the first incubation fund for startups at Microsoft, and eventually he consolidated their global startup activities and launched Microsoft Ventures.   A serial entrepreneur, Sood spent 18 years in multiple startups prior to joining Microsoft. He founded luxury and gaming computer manufacturer VoodooPC, which was acquired by Hewlett-Packard. Sood is an early shareholder and advisor to Maingear, Razer, ZED, and Vrvana which was recently acquired by Apple.   Unikrn’s mission as a global esports entertainment platform is to heighten the experience of watching and participating in esports.  Unikrn uses blockchain technology to optimize the payment flow for customers while allowing them to bet using the currency of their choice on a full array of Esports and Video Game offerings.    Unikrn is venture backed with investors such as Ashton Kutcher, Mark Cuban, Liz Murdoch, Shari Redstone, and many others. Unikrn built an end to end betting platform that can be licensed by commercial operators, and they have opened their doors to multiple international markets.  Unikrn has been featured on Forbes, Fortune, ESPN, CNBC and countless publications around the world.    Sood is active in the startup community
I am a generalist, like to do cool stuff, and thrive on ambiguity.,
I manage the detection team at Salesforce. We write detection rules to catch attackers. Salesforce is a unique environment, with a variety of IT infrastructures and a different set of attackers than a typical tech company, focused more on financial gain than IP theft. Although my team is not currently hiring, we do have positions elsewhere in the org, and I'm always open to hiring exceptional candidates.  I write actively on Quora about Salesforce, Google, Microsoft, security, the technology industry, and occasionally other things: I am interested in networking with security professionals and people I know personally. If you read my posts on Quora but are not in security and don't know me personally, I will probably decline your request to connect.  I use they/them pronouns. Feel free to ask questions!
I lead the engineering, product, and design teams at Textio, the augmented writing company I co-founded to create the platform for intelligent writing. With over 150 employees at our Seattle headquarters, Textio has been consistently awarded as one of the very best places to work, including winning #1 best place to work in Washington for 2018-2019.  Always at the intersection of human-computer interaction and productivity software, I have transformed the user experience of some of the most widely-used software in the world, including Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Office, Outlook, and the software that powers the Surface line of laptops and mobile devices.  I have a track record of creating the delightful and innovative experiences used every day by more than a billion people worldwide.,jensenharris
Entrepreneur and engineering leader with a strong technical background who loves building teams that create scalable platforms and delightful consumer products. Twitter is the best place to see what I'm up to right now: krishnagade.   I also advise early stage startups, mainly through a hybrid co-investment and advisory group called SpecializedTypes which I am part of. I also speak at conferences and meetups about big data, search and startups.,krishnagade
Strong human resources professional with a Bachelor’s Degree focused in Communication and Media Studies from University of Washington. Lives and breathes successful communication practices such as sourcing, speaking to, networking with and learning from top talent with proactive problem-solving abilities.,
I am passionate about building technology that gets out of the way so you can focus on what matters most. My mantra “people first, technology second” has been the driving force in my career. As a leader, it’s important that my door always be open — to embrace everyone’s individual perspective, personality, style and abilities.  This makes my teams stronger and creates a culture where the best ideas can come from anyone and anywhere. My focus has been leading teams and incubating new technologies and experiences to re-imagine the platform for intelligent work. I’ve helped build products, including Office, Windows, Internet Explorer, Xbox and Surface, that touch more than a billion people every day. I am now at Qualtrics as the Chief Experience Officer and have an exciting opportunity to provide even greater impact to businesses throughout the world in a new category called Experience Management. Our products and services help businesses be successful with an analytics platform that delivers deep insights across all elements of the experience — employees, product, brand and customer.,Julie_LGreen,
Designer, inventor, and entrepreneur. Cofounder of Spatial, a company that is building a holographic meeting platform that allows people to work together from anywhere as if they were in the same room.    Prior to founding Spatial, Jinha created technologies to physically interact with digital data for the past decade: SpaceTop was a pioneering Augmented Reality desktop that allowed people to reach inside the screen. He also created a physical pixel, ZeroN, that levitates and moves freely as his master thesis project at MIT. At Samsung, he led the redesign of Smart TVs, turning screens into a collaboration platform and artistic data visualization. As an advocate for inclusive design, he co-designed Bradley Timepiece, an award-winning tactile wristwatch for the blind. These projects became viral and brought him to the TED stage in 2013.   Jinha was named one of the  “35 innovators under 35” by the MIT Technology Review , and one of the  “32 greatest living designers” by Fast Company, and was named a  “Young Global Leader”  by the World Economic Forum.,jinha_media,
CTO and SVP of product at Splunk, leading the engineering and product teams across the company.    Experienced big data expert and speaker on data systems at massive scale.  Lead architecture of multi-petabyte solutions at Yahoo on Hadoop, Spark, Storm, Druid and other big data ecosystems.  Lead Yahoo's sponsorship and engagement with UC Berkeley's AMPLab to help accelerate work on Spark and Shark.    Winner of prestigious Yahoo! Individual Superstar award for 2011.   Architected and implemented Yahoo's iOS and Android App analytics system, including tracking libraries for each platform.  Previously developed Yahoo's realtime content reporting system with entire system prototyped into production, including UI, Data Modeling, C++ data processing backend, clustered/sharded MySQL.  At Yahoo!,  I have designed parts of the entire stack of the data technology platform, including data warehousing, aggregation, visualization, instrumentation, ETL and anything else involving analytics.  Having touched all layers, I'm proficient C, C++, 
Hortonworks is a leading innovator in the industry, creating, distributing and supporting enterprise-ready open data platforms and modern data applications. Our mission is to manage the world’s data. We have a single-minded focus on driving innovation in open source communities such as Apache Hadoop, NiFi, and Spark. We along with our 1600+ partners provide the expertise, training and services that allow our customers to unlock transformational value for their organizations across any line of business. Our connected data platforms powers modern data applications that deliver actionable intelligence from all data: data-in-motion and data-at-rest. We are Powering the Future of Data™.   As Chief Product Officer, I lead Engineering and RandD efforts across Hortonworks’ entire portfolio  Previously, I was the architect/lead of the Yahoo! Hadoop Map-Reduce development team and was ultimately responsible, technically, for providing Hadoop as a service for all of Yahoo - running on nearly 50,000 machines.  I'm also the Frmr. VP, Apache Hadoop, at the Apache Software Foundation i.e. the Chair of the Apache Hadoop PMC.,acmurthy,
I am passionate about building, nurturing and leading talented organizations that can accomplish extraordinary things. My experience is in driving change/transformation, creating opportunities by driving new product innovation and I like to scale teams and businesses to support hyper growth.  As HSBC's Chief Technology Officer, I lead IT and engineering teams globally, who are building next generation platforms for our customers, driving transformation toward an engineering-first culture, moving to the cloud and implementing DevOps at scale to support our businesses.   Previously, I led GoDaddy's information technology and engineering teams globally that supported their employees and customers, helping them to become a global SMB powerhouse and take them to a successful IPO. Prior to GoDaddy, I lead engineering teams at Microsoft - Office 365 and its precursor - Office Live.,dkeswani,
software executive with a track record of defining and driving strategies for new business introduction and expansion.  Experience across the product lifecycle – from new products to portfolios with 15B in revenue.  Recognized for developing high-performance cultures grounded in collaboration and leadership development.    Leadership across diverse functions and business models:  •	Product Development and Delivery: engineering, product management, design and cloud operations. •	Go-to-Market: demand gen marketing, product marketing, sales, analyst relations and press relations. •	Strategy: corporate strategy, corporate development (MandA) and partner/channel development. •	Business Models: enterprise sales, self-serve and freemium business models.,
As the Chief Executive Officer at Xero, Steve leads the global growth and performance of the company.    Prior to his current role, Steve held senior executive positions at Apple, IBM and Microsoft and served on the boards of Telstra, Fletcher Building, David Jones and Medibank.  Steve also led the growth of online media business ninemsn from start-up to industry leader as the company’s CEO.   He is passionate about building great teams and a business culture that supports growth and high performance. In advocating for the importance of building and aligning great talent, Steve founded the Society for Knowledge Economics (SKE), a Not-for-profit think tank which operated from 2005 – 2014, to encourage and promote new, and better leadership and management practices which enable innovation, productivity and sustainability.  Steve has an honours degree in civil engineering from the University of New South Wales, Australia.,stevevamos
Love building new experiences at Facebook.  In my free time, I like to build apps on the Watch and TV. Recently I created 'Birdie', the very first game on the watch that you can play with the Digital Crown
Experienced engineering leader with a track record of successfully delivering complex and challenging initiatives. Scaled up the Cloud Platform organization at Netflix during the years of rapid streaming growth and global expansion, developing and operating the high availability web-scale platform.    Established and led the Productivity Engineering organization accelerating developer effectiveness across all Netflix engineering teams.  Has a deep passion for building highly effective teams, and technical background in scalable and effective software development built across a range of companies from startups to large enterprises.  Areas of focus and impact: Assembled teams that achieved consistently high performance through team health, cohesive vision and increasingly high bar for collaboration and technical capabilities.  Hired and mentored managers, directors and technical contributors, bringing out their full potential.   Fostered and cultivated an inclusive, open and transparent environment with high psychological safety where candid feedback was expected and encouraged, and the biggest wins were accomplished through cross-team collaboration.  Created and led the Leadership Forum at Netflix - a program for leaders to mentor, advise and grow other leaders.  The Leadership Forum has produced many skilled and successful technical leaders and people managers.  Initiated and successfully led to completion numerous complex and risky efforts which required buy-in and collaboration across the whole company.   Championed and led the creation of teams within Netflix that innovated and accelerated the progress for every engineer.   Initiated and led NetflixOSS open source program that built a community of companies and people to evolve Cloud Native ecosystem.  The NetflixOSS program helped to cultivate the Netflix technology brand as a leader in Cloud Native application development.,rusmeshenberg
Over 20 years experience as a C level software and engineering leader driving companies' techno strategy, execution and operation of end user products, platforms, Infrastructures for the cloud and on-premises deployment. Specialized in the areas of Enterprise Software, Commerce, Payment, OTA, IoT, Data/ML
Buolamwini uses art and research to illuminate the social implications of artificial intelligence. She founded the Algorithmic Justice League to create a world with more ethical and inclusive technology. Her TED Featured Talk on algorithmic bias has over 1 million views. Her MIT thesis methodology uncovered large racial and gender bias in AI services from companies like Microsoft, IBM, and Amazon. Her research has been covered in over 40 countries, and as a renowned international speaker she has championed the need for algorithmic justice at the World Economic Forum and the United Nations. She serves on the Global Tech Panel convened by the vice president of European Commission to advise world leaders and technology executives on ways to reduce the harms of A.I. In late 2018 in partnership with the Georgetown Law Center on Privacy and Technology, Joy launched the Safe Face Pledge, the first agreement of its kind that prohibits the lethal application of facial analysis and recognition technology.  As a creative science communicator, she has written op-eds on the impact of artificial intelligence for publications like TIME Magazine and New York Times. Her spoken word visual audit AI, Ain't I A Woman? which shows AI failures on the faces of iconic women like Oprah Winfrey, Michelle Obama, and Serena Williams as well as the Coded Gaze short have been part of exhibitions ranging from the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston to the Barbican Centre, UK.  A Rhodes Scholar and Fulbright Fellow, Joy has been named to notable lists including  Bloomberg 50, Tech Review 35 under 35,  , Forbes Top 50 Women in Tech (youngest), and Forbes 30 under 30. She holds two masters degrees from Oxford University and MIT; and a bachelor's degree in Computer Science from the Georgia Institute of Technology.  Fortune Magazine named her to their 2019 list of world's greatest leaders describing her as the conscience of the A.I. Revolution.,CasualNatural
Experienced and passionate in leveraging statistical analysis, AI, machine learning/data science, and scalable systems to drive innovative breakthroughs in new and existing product lines and services in different domains. Build and lead high performing teams to build intelligent products and applications involving data, systems, algorithms, humans and product components.   Specialties: User engagement and growth, computational advertising, recommendations, personalization, online services, marketplace and monetization, large scale categorization, forecasting, anomaly detection, service analytics, data systems, customer lifecycle management, fraud detection and risk management
An experienced leader of high profile, high-performing product, research, and shared technology engineering organizations. Routinely receive excellent reviews for leadership and customer focus. An often-invited speaker on building strong engineering teams at conferences internationally. Technical areas of expertise include service scalability, user experience, consumer product development, GPGPU, multi-core, connected architectures, signal processing, domain-specific languages, and graphics. Have extensive experience building products using Lean, Kanban, Scrum,
As a career sales and marketing leader, I have extensive experience transforming depth and breadth businesses and have demonstrated the sales and operational capability to execute them at scale. I have a passion for education and am an active alumnus focused on helping students access the leadership opportunities that will advance them in their careers. I am also a business advisor and serve as an independent director on a public board.  I was responsible for executing some of the largest transformations in Microsoft’s sales and marketing organization. Most recently, I led the transformation of the US Enterprise Commercial Group, which serves the largest commercial customers in the US by helping them to deliver their digital transformation using Microsoft’s full suite of enterprise cloud offerings. In this role, we aligned the sales organization to an industry focus, built a customer success organization and developed greater technical specialization to enable us to meet the needs of customers as they digitally transform. Prior to that, as the “Channel Chief” at Microsoft, we built the first cloud-based competencies, shifted the incentive programs to help partners transition to cloud business models and built readiness programs at scale.   In addition to driving transformation, I have led sales teams that have consistently exceeded their sales targets, while growing faster than the market. I highly value the balance of deep customer focus and business outcome selling, while executing as a data-driven and operationally strong organization.,phil_sorgen,
I am a Product leader with 12 yrs experience in B2C, B2B, eCommerce, mobile apps, web interfaces, scalable platforms, payments, videos, analytics, data and machine learning. I have built and managed Product teams from scratch. I am passionate about how people use technology and how technology changes the way we live.,
Agile Project Management, High Productivity Development Teams, Software Quality Assurance, IT Business Skill,
San Francisco Bay AreaMay 16,Experience working on a wide range of technology stack, leading and managing large engineering teams.  Expertise: Startups, Product and Engineering Leadership, Growth expert, Payments, Commerce, Distributed Systems, Scaling, Performance, Reliability, Big Data,  Fault Tolerance, Caching, Architecture, RESTful Services, NoSQL
San Francisco Bay Area,Melissa Sassi is the Global Head of IBM Hyper Protect Accelerator focused on empowering early-stage startups through technology and business acceleration.   Melissa is a Judge for Call for Code, an initiative aimed at preparing for and responding to disaster scenarios.   Melissa spent several years in Microsoft's Airband Initiative where she was an internet and energy access impact investor.   Melissa is the Founder and CEO of MentorNations, a youth-led digital skills movement that has taught tens of thousands of young people to code across twelve countries.   Melissa Chair of IEEE's Digital Intelligence initiative and a Founding Member of the Coalition for Digital Intelligence with the WEF, OECD, IEEE, and DQ Institute.   She holds Board positions with TAKMIL, a nonprofit with 30 informal schools in rural Pakistan, and TechWomen.Asia, an Afghanistan-based nonprofit focused on tech skill-building for young Afghani women.   Melissa is working toward her PhD where her research is focused on the digital inclusion of unserved communities.   Melissa has given 100+ talks at UN events, education summits, tech conferences, and a keynote speaker in topics such as digital inclusion, women in tech, community building, youth empowerment, imposter syndrome
Brex is reimagining financial systems so every growing company can realize their full potential. We are building the product from first principles, and are hiring a driven and diverse company, with brilliant people from wide-ranging backgrounds. Check out open roles: https://brex.com/jobs,
I am the CEO at MemSQL. MemSQL is the No Limits Database for modern applications and analytical systems. MemSQL envisions a world where every business can make decisions in real time.,
Data Science experience on PetaByte scale datasets, with features shipped to about a billion people. More famously, he's known as the founder of Seeing AI - the most used assistive technology by the blind community, after the iPhone. He has been pushing ideas to reality using computer vision and deep learning techniques for Augmented Reality, Robotics, Speech, Productivity as well as building tools for communities with visual, hearing and mobility impairments. A regular at hackathons, he has won close to four dozen awards, including top-3 finishes for four years consecutively in the planet's largest private hackathon with 18,000 participants. Some of his recent work, which IEEE has called ‘life-changing’, has been honored by CES, FCC, Cannes Lions, TIME magazine
Cloud based SAAS Developer with expertise in creating Service Oriented Architecture, RESTful API. I also have expertise in writing optimised Map/Reduce jobs to process batch data.  Specialties: Programming Languages: JAVA, C#, J2EE, Ruby Frameworks: ASP.NET MVC3, Struts, Spring, Hibernate, GWT, JQuery, ExtJs, Node.js, Rails Databases: MSSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, CouchDB Operating System: Linux, Windows Distributed System: Hadoop Cloud Server: Google App Engine, Amazon EC2 Servers: Tomcat, IIS
I'm an experienced Engineering Leader with a track record of delivering high quality consumer experiences at scale.  I'm passionate about engineering management, mentorship and growing people to their full potential.
A seasoned technology leader with a proven record in building world-class teams, driving innovative tech solutions at  global scale to help business achieve their goals.,
I believe in the power of data and its ability to elevate and transform what we can individually and collectively achieve. Whether it’s optimizing marketing initiatives, streamlining production costs, or enhancing sales performance, there are no limits to what we can do with data. I’ve worked in enterprise analytics for the past 16 years as an analyst, consultant, manager, and evangelist. Throughout this journey, I’ve worked with cutting-edge analytics vendors (Omniture, Adobe, and Domo) and a broad base of Global 2000 companies, including many industry leaders such as Nike, Amazon, Microsoft, Sony, and Comcast.   Along the way, I’ve gained deep insights into what is needed to be successful with data—both from a strategic and tactical perspective. I’ve seen firsthand what separates data-driven organizations from their peers. Over and over again, I’ve found people and processes are the key drivers of success with data—not the technology. Indeed
I am passionate about problem solving, be it small fun puzzles or grand engineering challenges of the computing industry.  For past 8 years I've worked on a number of engineering problems that include:  High  performance scalable systems Machine Learning Data Mining Advertising Data Analytics.  In addition to the day jobs I've held, the most exciting project for me has been writing the Book Algorithms for Interviews. Adnan (my PhD advisor) and I have been collecting interesting problems for over a decade which has gone into this book and I take great pleasure in the fact that thousands of engineers have already used it to improve their algorithms/problem solving skills.,apmriat
I am a Director of Outbound Product Management at Google Cloud, with a master’s degree in Engineering from the University of Colorado. I'm also an instructor at Pluralsight, the lead InfoQ.com editor for cloud computing, a frequent public speaker, the author of multiple books on software design and development, and a former 12-time Microsoft MVP for cloud. As Director of Outbound Product Management at Google Cloud, I lead a team focused on products and customer success for app modernization (e.g. Anthos). I maintain a regularly updated blog on topics of architecture and solution design and can be found on Twitter as rseroter.
Diego Nogare is graduated in Computer Science, Post-Graduated in Computer Engineering with emphasis in Web Development using .Net. Author of five books in Portuguese: Do Banco de Dados Relacional à Tomada de Decisão, SQL Server Além do Conceito: Blog Post Collection, SQL Server Além do Conceito: Volume 2, Análise Preditiva com Azure Machine Learning e R and I Jornada Latino-Americana de Atualização em Informática. Microsoft Most Valuable Professional [MVP] in Data Platform since 2008 and in 2017 shifted the award to Artificial Intelligence. Leave the MVP Program after 11 years in a row. In 2019 joined the Microsoft Regional Director program, with a two years term. Also was Regional Mentor for PASS (Professional Association for SQL Server) between 2014 and 2015, and PASS Chapter Leader in São Paulo. Regional Board Advisor for LATAM area at PASS between 2015 and 2016, PASS Board Director at Large between 2018 and 2019. Spend some time as speaker at Microsoft and PASS events, ,
Entrepreneur / Angel Investor that is looking to fund teams that are changing the world in a non-incremental way. Also looking to help aspiring entrepreneurs, especially communities that don't have as many resources and connections.  Twitter: tnachen,tnachen,
Google, Amazon and Microsoft Cloud, FinTech, RegTech, HealthTech, Machine Learning, Big Data, Security CEO, Board Director, Venture Capital, Private Equity, Sales, Professional Services,PhilipMoyer,
I am a highly talented leader, a strategic thinker and planner with 15 years of experience in the software industry. I am extremely passionate about automation, product quality, operational efficiency and team building. As a leader, I am interested in setting a vision, taking smart risks, and inspiring my team to reach their potential.,
Que Thanh Dallara is President and CEO of Honeywell Connected Enterprise (HCE), leading our efforts in software innovation, including IoT solutions, data analytics and new business development. HCE brings together the best of Honeywell’s heritage of invention with the potential of IoT technologies to solve our customers’ toughest challenges.  Que joined Honeywell in 2017 and continues to be responsible for the commercial organization. In this role, she is helping Honeywell grow faster than the market through the development and delivery of strategy, marketing, and sales practices to consistently improve our product portfolio, pricing, salesforce effectiveness and customer decision journey.  Prior to Honeywell, Que served in increasingly responsible roles at TE Connectivity, a 12.2 billion global leader in connectivity and sensor solutions. Most recently, she served as Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Analytics, where she led the strategic growth process, performance management of business units, and big data analytics. Prior to that, she was Vice President and General Manager of TE Connectivity’s Managed Connectivity business
Technologist, innovator, leader with over 30 years of experience.  Responsible for all levels of software stack across multiple technology domains – hardware bring-up, system software and middleware to applications in embedded devices, desktop, client-server and the highly scalable and available distributed cloud services and petabyte scale data pipeline.  Track record of collaboration with internal/external partners and cross-functional groups.  Over 20 years of managing large engineering teams (50+), managing managers and including across geographical locations.  Delivered products from incubation through multiple release cycles and with high quality. Managed multiple simultaneous products and initiatives.  Rebuilt, hired and maintained great talent and high-performance teams.,
Human Resources Manager with a background in HR business partnership and recruiting. Varied experience of managing employee relationships, driving organizational change and developing practical human resource solutions. Specialized business partner and trusted adviser to my clients to develop innovative solutions to business and HR challenges.  Specialties:HR strategy, talent acquisition, training, talent management and leadership development, performance management, compensation planning and bench marking, rewards program and Employee engagement.,
Looking for an engineering executive management position,
Senior leader with a blend of strategic, product management, marketing, sales and technical skills. Key competencies include driving for results, cross-group collaboration, customer/partner connection, strong communication skills, impact and influence, and strategic thinking/leadership.  Specialties: Product Management; Positioning and Messaging; PR and communications; Evangelism and product advocacy; Strategy development and execution; Organizational development and leadership.,Ajenstat,
As the Director of IBM Global Digital Sales Development, I manage a team that is responsible for the strategy, implementation, and revenue of the Digital Sales Development (DSD) function globally. Within the DSD sales force, there are ~350 Digital Development Representatives and Business Development Representatives responsible for driving client engagement, deal progression, and closure of select deals.   I previously worked at Microsoft and served as the Chief of Staff to the Corporate Vice President of Inside Sales, where I played a key role in building a new digital sales force for Microsoft, growing the team to 2,000 sellers globally and the business to over 5B in under 3 years. I helped develop foundational elements of the sales model—everything from recruiting and interviewing new hires, to providing input into the programs, processes, and tools that they needed to be successful—digitally transforming Microsoft’s sales GTM.  I have a strong passion for advancing women in sales and millennials in business and share my thoughts regularly on these topics by speaking at conferences and writing publications in Forbes as a member of the Forbes Business Development Council. I currently serve as the Executive Co-Chair of WomenIBM NYC and am very interested in building partnerships with other companies to learn how they support, advance, and retain their female talent.   My work is driven by 3 P's: Professional, Personal, and Purposeful. I'm known for seizing opportunities and looking for projects that stretch my abilities
Quality research, and adapting research to make impact in adding value to users.  Researcher, innovator, with a PhD in data mining. Working at Microsoft Bing as a principal applied scientist and as a faculty at IIIT-Hyderabad since May 2013. Also a visiting faculty at ISB since 2016. 2007-2009 at Yahoo!. Interned at Microsoft Research, IBM TJ Watson, NEC Labs.  Research work and Innovation: Published more than 50 refereed papers at top conferences and journals in data mining and information retrieval including WWW, KDD, PKDD, SDM, ICDE, TKDE. Filed 12 patents. Authored 2 books: Outlier Detection for Temporal Data and Information Retrieval with Verbose Queries. On program committees of KDD, CIKM, and WSDM.  Education: 2009-2013 PhD under Prof. Jiawei Han at Univ of Illinois at Urbana Champaign (UIUC), 2005-2007 MTech under Prof. Soumen Chakrabarti at IIT Bombay.   Specialities and Interests: Big Data Analytics, Algorithms
I am an experienced technical leader in the space of distributed databases and have worked on multiple database engines. I have been a major contributor to PostgreSQL, where I implemented major features like JDBC Foreign Data Wrapper, Ordered Set Aggregates, ROLLUP, CUBE, GROUPING and GROUPING SETS. I have implemented major features in Greenplum, such as large objects support, complex numbers datatype, resource management and miscellaneous improvements in query optimiser.   I have been a part of CosmosDB, where I worked on scaling CosmosDB to be a true HTAP engine. I lead the Columnar engine effort, was working on improving indexing efforts within the product, and was generally responsible for setting the technical direction and leading the group to make CosmosDB a fully functional analytical database engine   I am an open source exponent and am PMC Member and Committer for various open source database engines, such as Apache Apex, Apache HAWQ and Apache MADLib. I also help new projects to incubate in Apache Software Foundation.  I am currently focused on Presto, where I am working on scaling Presto to be a fully functional OLAP engine. I have recently released functionality to scale Window Aggregates infinitely, allow sort nodes to scale infinitely, improve subquery planning
RoadMap Management and Product Vision I direct the vision of my product in line with business goals and stakeholder requirements. • Business Analysis I possess comprehensive analytical skills to evaluate and solve business challenges providing stakeholders and lines of business with solid deliverables. • Client Management  I am proficient and excel at customer and client relationships providing thought leadership, strategic direction, and product delivery.,
I am a Venture Partner with Madrona Venture Group and an Operating Executive with The Carlyle Group. Previously, I enjoyed a 21-year career at Microsoft leading the development of Windows, Surface, Xbox, and the early days of Office 365. Prior to Microsoft, I cofounded Intersé, one of the earliest Internet companies, which Microsoft acquired in 1997.   I graduated Duke University and am now a member of the Duke Engineering Board of Visitors. I also serve as a member of the Board of Trustees for the Seattle Foundation.   I live in the Seattle area with my wife, three children and our golden retriever. I enjoy competing in triathlons and am an avid fan of all Seattle sports teams, especially the Seattle Sounders.,tmyerson
Innovate, Transform and Learn in the cloud: Online services, Cloud, Platform and Information technology executive delivering results by defining and executing a vision, scaling small to large global teams, innovation in platform architecture and automation, modern software development practices, creating customer and service centric engineering culture, strong budget and unit cost management with focus on metrics. Specialties: All aspects of engineering, product management and operating large scale global technology application platforms and infrastructure ranging from enterprise SaaS to Consumer Internet - Public and Private cloud, SaaS platforms, IaaS / Cloud computing, PaaS, Data and Analytics, Site Reliability Engineering, Software development and automation, Compute
I am passionate about product management and everything tech. If you have questions on product management, I have opinions to share from my varied experiences.,sanchansaxena
entrepreneur and product developer with an extensive background in all things data. Prior to founding Algorithmia he designed, managed and shipped some of Microsoft’s most used data analysis products including Excel, Power Pivot, SQL Server and Power BI.  Diego holds a Bachelors degree in Information Systems and a Masters degree in Business Intelligence and Data Analytics from Carnegie Mellon University.  I do a limited amount of angel investing in my areas of expertise and in the Pacific Northwest Region: developer tools and platforms, data analysis, analytics and business intelligence.   **Will not accept connections from people I have not met. No recruiting agencies ***,doppenhe,
I have experience of integrating human aspects of computing with machine learning algorithms. As an engineer with experience working at large tech companies such as Microsoft, IBM Watson and Overstock, I have participated in designing, coding, and deployment of large scale production systems. As a researcher at BYU, Penn State, EPFL and UTS, I have performed rigorous statistical analysis, ran user research experiments, authored scientific papers, and evaluated the impact of technology on our social practice.   Academically, I am a mixed-method researcher in computer science where I conduct research around human computer interaction (HCI) and artificial intelligence (AI). My PhD dissertation which is funded by NSF,  investigates bias in ML algorithms and AI infused tools within tech hiring space. My findings will contribute in constructing bias-free machine learning models and design of fair autonomous systems.   I love mathematics. I enjoy finding undiscovered insights in information - asking and answering questions about large datasets. But I also have an affinity towards creating delightful user experiences and optimizing products that connect consumers with the things they aspire to obtain and love. I have been a software engineer, a data scientist, an UX researcher, a product manager
Experienced product executive with a demonstrated history of success in the internet industry. Skilled in eCommerce, Direct to Consumer and enterprise software at Amazon, Microsoft, HP and Cisco,mukund
Experienced data scientist and entrepreneur.  Founder and lead instructor at Data Science Dojo. 5000 aspiring data science professionals from 1500+ companies trained globally, and growing.,
Over 20 years experience in Technical Leadership, Escalation Engineering, and LiveSite Reliability,scottos,
Margaret brings significant experience building brands, growing businesses and delivering revenue growth while working closely with customers and partners to achieve their goals.  She is recognized as an enthusiastic, results-oriented leader who builds collaborative, high-performing teams.    Margaret joins Outreach from Microsoft where she spent almost 20 years in positions of increasing responsibility driving business strategy, product planning and product marketing in the global Windows, Security, and Cloud and Enterprise business groups. Most recently she was responsible for leading the multi-billion dollar US Windows and Surface business.  As Chief Marketing Officer at Outreach, Margaret works closely with company leaders to drive strategy and business execution while leading the growing marketing organization across brand, communications, demand generation and product marketing.    Margaret is also passionate about finding the cure for childhood cancers. She and her husband are avid fundraisers for the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society’s Firefighter Stairclimb which helps raise money to combat blood cancers - the most common cancer impacting children. Arakawa lives in the Seattle area with her husband and 11-year-old son.
Entrepreneur, product innovator, executive with experience building startups and managing 100M+ PandLs at Fortune 500. 2011-2013 at RingCentral (IPO). 2005-2011 at Yahoo. 2000-2005 at UTStarcom, fastest growing company, 0 to 2.9B revenue in 5 years!   Product leadership: Launched industry leading products (customer experience, cloud, mobile, advertising, search, social media, consumer Internet, monetization, content). Filed 3 patents, 1 issued.  Sales and marketing leadership: Managed PandL, revenue growth across US, Europe, Asia. Expert in hiring and retaining top talent.   Executive Education from Harvard Business School; MBA, Finance from NYU Stern and London Business School; B.S. Electrical Engineering from BITS Pilani  Specialties: Product innovation
Tenured executive leader with 20+ years of experience leading/transforming multi-billion dollar organizations; with deep expertise in marketing, finance, product development, commercial strategy, enterprise sales, consumer sales, digital transformation, and executive team leadership.   A strong track record of delivering results and creating value for enterprise clients through business design, planning, and monetization modeling. Delivering industry leading results by creating quality customer experiences, employee and executive leadership development, and simple/repeatable execution strategies. Success comes from building an organizational framework around business innovation and a learning agility culture, helping large teams of people to grow and reach their full potential.   Selected Accomplishments: - 8 Time President Cabinet Award Winner - Led the highest performing region at Verizon for the last half decade 2011-2015 - Value creation success responsible for a 4.1B (Revenue) business operation, 2.1B EBITDA, generating 900M in incremental revenue, dominant market share growth, and 85% incremental margin - Doubled digital business performance, developed and launched industry leading OMNI app with 25M downloads and 130M sessions per month, 265M in annualized cost transformation
Talent Acquisition leader with 19+ yrs experience in niche IT recruiting/ Talent Management / Market Intelligence in RandD and Product multinationals.
Currently helping founders fundraise and grow their products. Previously, I lead all growth efforts at ThriveCash and Wildfire, and invested in startups at The House Fund with exits from Apple, Tesla, Facebook, Discord, and Coinbase.  Visit my personal website:
Postman is one of the amazing product companies that has world class engineering culture. Here you get an opportunity to work with highly passionate engineers who have committed to build One of the favourite developer tools of every software engineer globally. Not only I enjoy interacting with the engineers here at Postman but most importantly I enjoy interacting with amazing coders that apply to Postman to explore jobs. Some are very active open source contributors and some are passionate coders who started coding from school days ( After joining Postman my fav question has become When did you start coding?.   We keep looking for great talent. If you are one of those amazing coders and interested to explore roles then please DM me on LinkedIn. If you are an an active open source contributor then please highlight it.  Currently Postman -Looking for Hiring Back End Engineers, Full Stack, Data Engineers, Tech Leads and Engineering Managers -  for Bangalore. Contact me if you are interested to explore roles at Postman.  Please go through below links to learn more about Postman.
More than 20 years of experience in a variety of roles of increasing scope and responsibility, including complete ownership for key company objectives, managing multiple disciplines to build, deliver and market competitive strategies and products worldwide. Built and managed teams of highly qualified professionals across corporate and international subsidiaries.Vast experience with software development, IT operations,  business planning, marketing plans, forecasting, budget planning and complete PandL ownership. In-depth leadership of multi-year planning processes working with internal services and external agencies.  Expert in:  	A successful, results driven, senior executive specialized in leading growth and profit performance for top Fortune 100 companies companies operating within highly competitive environments. Maintains strong technical, P/L and people mgmt acumen. 	An xCommerce General Manager experienced in leading a large and complex global omnichannel business, while applying the right levels of capital, people, and operating investment to deliver sustainable web, mobile and BOPIS growth.  	A strong leader of IT, with experience defining, building and maintaining future stte reference architectures to enable omnichannel solutions for e-tailers, multichannel retialers
Leigh Flannery is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of ConsenSys Health, a spin-off from ConsenSys AG effective March 2nd, 2020.  She is also Co-Founder and Board Chair of Blockchain in Healthcare Global (BiHG), a new 501(c)6 trade association organized under the IEEE ISTO.  She chairs the IEEE SA P2418.6 Standards Development Working Group (blockchain in healthcare and life sciences), serves as the FY19 Co-Chair of the global HIMSS Blockchain in Healthcare Task Force, Chairs the Healthcare Special Interest Group at the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA), and is an Associate Editor of the peer-reviewed journal, Frontiers Blockchain for Science.  Ms. Flannery is also an Innovation Fellow at EP3 Foundation, has served as Industry Faculty for the United States Department of Health and Human Services Office of the National Coordinator for Health IT (US HHS ONC) and is an active consultant, advisor, and keynote speaker.   Prior to ConsenSys, she founded and led Obesity Prevention, Policy, and Management, Inc. (Obesity PPM)
Experienced Software Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Python, Java, C#, R, Agile Methodologies, and Data Science. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Science - focused in Machine Learning from Georgia Institute of Technology.,
Bridging the gap between technology, product, and business.  Specialties: Internet Infrastructure/Systems Architecture, Internet Scale Systems, Virtualization Technology, Distributed Systems, Super Large Data Warehousing Systems, Advanced Analytics and Data Mining, Search (as in Web Search), Application layer protocol design,awadallah,
The career.place solution has reinvented hiring.   The lengthy, flawed, and often painful resume-based hiring process has been eliminated.   Through a SaaS-based offering, my company provides a fresh approach that is unbiased and focuses on what matters most when hiring talent. Career.Place removes bias from the hiring process by not relying on the resume as the beginning piece of the hiring equation. Instead, career.place’s solution asks a series of questions from salary desired to taking assessments, allowing only those qualified to advance.   For the first time, applicants will be judged on their capabilities and skill-set, not on what is written on a resume.  Come and see what we're doing:
Skilled in Computer Science, Machine Learning and Data Science.,AAghelmaleki,
I'm Data Scientist with specializations in Data Analysis, Machine Learning, and Data Visualization. Curiosity and creativity are strong traits of my personality, which makes me enjoy working in this field.
A highly motivated data Scientist/Analyst. Focused on probabilistic modeling and predictive analytics.,
A profoundly energetic examiner with tremendous involvement in Interpreting, analyzing and reconciliation of data obtained from a variety of sources. skills involve enhancement of the existing processes and methods to meet both internal and external analysis requirements. proficient with the prevailing analytical tools and has great commitment to and affinity to meet deadlines without compromising accuracy and quality of work.
Outgoing and analytical student with a strong interest in finance, communication and human psychology. I have a BsC in economics and am currently studying a BsC in System science to develop my newly found passion for data and the digitalization of todays society.
data scientist, algorithm researcher, and machine learning specialist with 8+ years algorithm development experience and 5+ years AI experience.  He is also good at developing AI trading strategies on futures markets.      Chris has 2+ years of team management experience, he is the leader of an NLP algorithm team (15 members) at Emotibot.  Chris received his Ph.D. degree from the Physics Department of National Taiwan University in January 2014. His research interests include machine learning, data mining, algorithm and data structure, mathematical modeling in financial markets.  
Data Scientist at King, work mostly in Python.  US citizen living in Stockholm, email rachael.seyunahn AT gmail.com
I am an applied mathematician. I like to understand things in order to apply my knowledge to real-world situations.  My Ph.D. focuses on the study of probabilistic models of biomolecular interactions. I love this topic; its study includes topics like Markov chains, Statistical Physics (out of equilibrium),  Stochastic differential equations, PDE's and, of course, stochastic simulations and statistical inference.   I have a great interest in Data Science and related fields; I understand its building blocks and how profound the impact on society will be when used correctly.  In my free time, I like to learn! I have a great interest in almost all fields of knowledge: philosophy, art, history, literature, and all the sciences. Of course, to meet new people and places is included; humans are the most interesting creatures in the world ;),
I have the ability to analyze data using R, SQL, by applying different statistical methods, machine learning, and data mining techniques. I have also experience in programming using Java, MS C#, MS WFP, and Oracle.,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the real estate industry. Skilled in Python (Programming Language), SQL, Data Analysis, Big Data, and Data Science. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor's degree focused in Mathematics from Yildiz Technical University.
I am a data scientist at Taishin International Bank, Taiwan. I develop human-centered AI systems using natural language processing and software engineering tools. Previously, I was a human-computer interaction (HCI) researcher, with multiple publications in the international premier conference ACM CHI. I write about life stories, psychology, and technology in my blog.
I'm a data scientist in Taiwan, speaking Chinese as native language, fluent at English ( IELTS 7.0) and Japanese ( JLPT N1 ).  Love science experiment and devote myself to data science. I have experience on natural language processing ( NLP ) and recommendation system , familiar with probabilistic model and neural network. Please feel free to leave message for more discussion 
I am a research-oriented data scientist with a background in actuarial science and statistics, extensive experience across insurance, telecommunications and financial industries in a wide range of machine learning applications including deep learning analytics and commercial AI product development.  Particular research interests of mine are low-resource language NLP, knowledge representation, quantum machine learning algorithms and liberalising individual health data for the benefit of all.   I am particularly excited about working on data problems that have the potential to enhance the quality of our lives and to expedite new frontiers in the human story.,AudOneNetwork
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services , Market research and Telecom industries.
Computer Science graduate with a passion for Autonomous Vehicles and Deep Learning. My colleagues would describe me as a driven, resourceful individual who maintains a proactive attitude when faced with adversity. Above all, a positive and enthusiastic person who relishes a challenge.
I'm willing to have a job that makes my data science skills higher.  I'm very hungry about to be successful on solving business problems or find new ideas to improve our business objectives. It will be very good to have new quality colleagues.,
Data scientist with history of working in multidisciplinary data analysis fields and development of data-driven methods using sensor systems.    Doctoral thesis entitled Sensor-based knowledge- and data-driven methods, A case of Parkinson’s disease motor symptoms quantification.  Supervisor of data analysis and machine learning projects at KTH University.  Data Scientist in development of smartphone-base data driven methods for quantification of Parkinson's disease symptoms.  Professional board member of Sverige Doktorand Förening (SDF).  Certified from broad computer science fields of Information security, Artificial Intelligent, and Data communication.   CISCO CCNA official instructor.,
Deep technical knowledge in the AI field, including trending methods like recurrent and convolutional neural nets and other deep learning techniques.  Strong communication and presentation skills, with experience presenting at management level.  Several years of experience with software development and associated methodologies such as Agile Development.
Making lives easier with data!  Data Scientist with a passion for solving real problems faced by organizations on a daily basis. A continuous learner with a strong background in rapid prototyping, data analytics, mathematics, and entrepreneurship. Motivated in solving problems and delivering data-driven solutions and tools that create high value for organizations and individuals.   I am passionate about working with mission-driven companies which are creating innovative solutions that make our world a better place. I am a team player with an analytical mindset and prefer working in a cross-functional environment that promotes teamwork, learning and allows individuals to make mistakes and learn from them.  As a Data Scientist, I have acquired sound knowledge and developed a good grasp over ETL and ELT processes, Data Modelling, Data Warehouse Architecture, statistical modeling, machine learning, data visualization, data analytics, and, scripting and maintaining high performing advanced SQL Queries.   Summary of technical skills and frameworks used,  Languages:  • Python, SQL, R, C++
I'm really passionate about everything I do. I enjoy computer science, programming and mathematical riddles and I love challenges. I don't mind working on my own but I would rather work inside a team.  I'm mostly self-taught as I started programming quite young, but I decided to take a double bachelor degree in math and computer science, trying to achieve a good base and more generality.  My experience and knowledge comes from a mixture of university and online courses complimented with small and full-time jobs, and lots of personal projects made for fun and learning. 
I’m a passionate, active programmer, love to code and focus on backend programming, Text Mining, Image recognition, recommendation system, user intent analysis but not limited to those technologies, have 6+ years machine learning experience, 5+ years backend system experience, 3+ years system integration experience.  Skill Specialties:  Programming Languages (ordered by proficiency) : Python, C/C++, Shell Script, Golang, Spark, Java, javascript, R  Operating Systems/Database : Linux, Freebsd
Licentiate (half Ph.D) in applied mathematics and statistics, M.Sc. Computer Science, M.Sc.Bioinformatics and Systems Biology and currently working on my Ph.D in.  Applied Mathematical Statistics doing cancer research with gene regulatory networks. Current expertise in C, R, BLAS, LAPACK, python, matlab Also developing Javascript with the react framework, HTML, CSS Background as a programmer building CMS and webservers in  C for 5 years.
Ching-Yi is a data scientist in the internet industry. Skilled in machine learning.,
Hi and welcome to my profile!  My name is Fatima and I have 3 years of experience working as a Data Scientist. I am currently looking for employment in Sweden and have a work permit here.   During these years, I've learned a lot about analytical and methodical skills to find out the nature of the data, the hidden trends in the data. Apply the optimal Machine learning Algorithms for better real-time predictions of the behavior of important factors that improve the revenue of the business.  If interested in learning more about me,
I have a PhD in space physics and I am keen to make sense of large amounts of data. I am a driven, curious, and creative with a broad interest spectrum. I have used statistical and mathematical tools on data and enjoy presenting them in an imaginative and insightful way.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE: -	Data Analysis and Mining Techniques -	Statistical and Forecasting Models -	Operations Research and Mathematical Modeling -	Machine Learning Techniques -	Application and Database Development -	Project Planning and Management Standard (PMBOK) -	Quality Management Standard (ISO 9001)  COMPETENCIES: -	Worked in different business domains as a consultant(Healthcare, Transportation, Energy and Tourism) -	Familiar with smart energy systems and smart city features -	Practical experience of scientific computing tools like TensorFlow, Keras, Numpy, Scikit-learn, Pandas. -	Strong knowledge of statistical analysis procedures such as Bayesian A/B Testing -	Strong knowledge of mathematical optimization techniques in operations research including exact methods, heuristic and meta heuristic algorithms -	Deep algorithmic thinking and problem solving strategies -	Great coding skills and ability to pick up new programming languages -	Ability to work in dynamic and agile environment  -	Demonstrated communication skills, both verbal and written -	Sound project management skill – Timely delivery of various complex projects  PERSONAL QUALITIES: -	Have a duty of care to the client, employer, and community,  -	Proven ability to manage multiple jobs and meet deadlines, -	Proven communication skills, confident in speaking and writing, -	Strong interpersonal and teamwork skills, -	Engaged in constant learning, improvement and moving towards mastery in a particular field, -	Energetic, self-motivated
I am a motivated and ambitious individual with a great passion for applying artificial intelligence in Health care domain. The focus of my research is to improve human life using deep learning.
Machine Learning | Data Science | Education
I am a computer science graduate who is interested in the field of data analysis, machine learning, statistics, image processing and software engineering.  During my masters studies, i have programmed in C ,C++ , Python , Java , Matlab , MySQL and have also learned different api's like OpenGL , OpenCL, CUDA, OpenMP. I have used  Rapidminer, tensorflow and matlab neural network toolbox for data analysis.  For my thesis, I am implementing a novel Word spotting technique for handwritten word images using density value of Delaunay triangulation. This information from the query image is either directly used for training in a feed-forward neural network or used to compute the probability estimates of a class from Delaunay Tessellation field estimation and classifying the query image threw naive Bayesian classifier.  Personally, I like studying all forms of technology which solves complex real-world problems efficiently.
Divan is passionate about all things quantitative. His ideal job is where he can apply his quantitative and finance knowledge to real world problems.    His interests in the financial sector vary from equity investment strategies, risk modelling to pricing of exotic financial products.  He has experience working with different regulations and quantitative modelling applied to IFRS 9, IFRS 13, PRIIPs, CRR II/CRD IV and Basel III/IV.    In his spare time Divan trades equities, options, futures and contracts for difference on his trading accounts using strategies he coded in R. He also enjoys expanding his data science and machine learning knowledge with online courses. Divan is a quick learner and loves to be challenged with problems of a quantitative nature.  Divan has varying levels of experience in R, Alteryx, Matlab, SAS, VBA, C++, Java, SQL, Mathematica, Eviews and Python.,
Data Scientist and Machine Learning Engineer
Experienced software engineer with a passion for machine learning, neural networks and reinforcement learning in particular.  I aim towards making groundbreaking advances in Reinforcement Learning and would love to be part of a team with similar aim.
A Machine Learning enthusiast, passionate about Predictive Analytics, Computer Vision, Deep Learning, Data Mining and Pattern Recognition.,
Seeking a challenging full-time development/QA position in the following areas: Data Mining, Database systems, Machine Learning.
Self-motivated dynamic data scientist with a holistic mindset who enjoys working across functions. Experience in solving financial, commercial and operational problems. Creating action plans based on data-driven insights. Greatest achievements include development of AI systems using Computer Vision and NLP.,
Self-motivated Physicist with a curious, analytical mind and a lifelong passion for research and scientific discovery. I believe in the fruitful exchange of ideas and methods between different fields of science. I enjoy engaging in science communication to both the specialist and the general public. In my former career of a research scientist in experimental physics I was working with large data sets from experiments trying to uncover details of various physical processes. Besides designing actual experiments and collecting data I have utilized previously developed models and developed new models and algorithms for data analysis. I came to realize how much information can be extracted from the data that sometimes seems like a noise at first glance. Data science provides necessary tools and processes to extract all the information hidden in the data leading to new discoveries. My colleagues often describe me as a focused and engaged member of research teams, bringing key insights on the 'general picture' as well as an attention to the detail. I have thorough experience in data collection and analysis, problem-solving as well as a great ability to coordinate and prioritize multiple projects in parallel. I am a positive, flexible and goal-oriented person, eager to meet challenges and quickly assimilate newest and latest technologies, skills, concepts, ideas. I work well as a team member, very reliable, organized and willing to learn. My goal is to work in a project leading position in a broad-skilled team where my areas of competence can make the difference.
Hi there! I'd describe myself as a Data Scientist / Data Engineer with experience from both research and industry, passionate about solving any data-related problems.   Genuinely love working closely with people and believe in growing collectively by sharing knowledge and insights, be it to stakeholders, colleagues or just anyone interested to know more!  Feel free to send a connection request, please tell me a bit about yourself if we haven't met before.,
Data scientist. I hold a PhD in molecular neurobiology, 45 ECTS Statistics and 10 years experience in bioinformatics/ data analysis after my thesis defence. I was co-founder of Globalgenomics AB, biotech, and founder and CTO of Dynabyte Biolabs AB, bioinformatics software development. I authored a MOOC with edx.org, Explore Statistics with R, that sums up my main skills: Statistics, statistical programming in R, Python and pedagogics. Example  More words: data analyst, SQL, online teaching, startup
Experienced BI Developer | Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in tech startups.,
Data warehousing, SSIS, SSAS, BI, Azure, Data Science,  GIS.
Currently working with deep learning-based de novo drug design, whereas in the past I have worked with robots, automotives and (once) with a sounding rocket of the European Space Agency.  Also top 5% overall in the DataScience StackExchange forum, with my QandA impact reaching 
I'm a freelance developer with 5 years of experience in data science/engineering and web development. I'm excited by data visualisation, maps/GIS and open source!  My skills include:  - Python, Clojure/Clojurescript (Re-frame), JS (jQuery, D3, Leaflet), HTML/CSS, QGIS/ArcGIS, SQL, NoSQL - Git, Emacs, Vim, Bootstrap, Heroku, AWS EC2/S3, Linux - Pair programming, team work, work independently  - Oral and written communication in English and French
I’m a data analyst with 3 years of experience, including doing projects in school and company. The program I use the most are R and Python.   Until recently, the project I did is about building recommendation system, spare parts forecasting and leading an intern finish the revenue forecasting. In recommendation system, I use collaborative filtering to build a customized recommendation system with R , c sharp and Azure ML. In Spare parts forecasting, I use nonparametric method to estimate number of components will be returned in the future. In revenue forecasting, I help intern to use time series to estimate the revenue to let BI team make prediction easily.  When I was in college, I was a maker and leader in my team. I always spend a lot of time understanding the problem first, making sure that the things we do is on a correct way, because I think that this is the most important thing when we have problems to solve. And When I was in graduate school, my team members knew me as a responsible, reliable member who never late with the meeting. When I am in work, I can work and solve the problem alone. But I’m at my best collaborating with others.  I have a master degree of statistics in National Tsing Hua University and a bachelor degree of statistics in National Taipei University. I was an equipment keeper, leader of one of the music group when I joined the Chinese music club in college. These experience help me a lot in cooperating with others.,
Data Scientist with 7+ years of industry experience. I love data and enjoy building data products using applied machine learning techniques / statistical methods.  - Customer behaviour analysis. - Recommendation systems and content personalisation. - Experiment design and A/B testing. - Risk assessment for Fraud and Money Laundering activities. - Data Analysis and Visualization. - Sun Certified Java Developer. - R, Python and SQL. - Hadoop ecosystem and GCP - Scrum Master
Data Scientist in Premium Analytics at Spotify.  o Highly motivated and always eager to learn. o French citizen with an international profile. o Fluent in French, English and Spanish.,
Experienced Business Analyst and highly self-motivated and enthusiastic team worker with experience in Analytics, Data Science, Commercial Banking Operations and Sales/ Marketing Campaign Management at top tier global banking. Strong statistics and modelling background. Overseas working experience.
I am a data science leader focused on optimization of operations, and supply chain in particular. I am passionate about building and leading teams that add significant value to the business by developing decision support tools and optimizing processes using math, code and close collaboration with users/stakeholders.  With 6 years experience as a data science leader and a background in management consulting and academic research/teaching of applied mathematics I have built a unique combination of analytical, leadership and communication skills, paired with a strong business sense.  Please note that I only accept connection requests from people that I know or have at least interacted with. If you don't want to/can't send messages here you can also reach me at 
Business minded, detail-oriented Data Scientist with 19 years of Industry experience and demonstrated ability to deliver valuable business insight from large datasets.  Having spent 8 years in ERP customization for Hotel, Car Renting and Leasing and Apparel and Footwear Industries picked up in-depth understanding of Supply Chain Management particularly the data flow in a transaction based environment catering to different business functions.  Later transitioned to designing and managing large scale Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence solutions. Spent a good 9 years picking up proficiency in data sourcing, cleansing, processing, governance, performance tuning, reporting, identifying KPI, designing and implementing dashboards, creating alerts, providing valuable insights based on historic data trends and project management. Had the opportunity to work across varied industries like Life Science, Healthcare, Manufacturing, Energy and Utilities.  Having mastered the art of deriving insights from historic data, my next transition has been into the area of Advanced Analytics and Data Science with focus on predictive analytics. Have been involved in hands-on role for the last 2 years providing solutions for Life Sciences and Internet Services and Products industry.   Curious to solve challenging business problems using machine learning and visualization.
Data scientist/software engineer with 3+ years of experience. Recently focusing on deep learning and computer vision.,
Empowering healthcare with machine intelligence.
Passionate about all things predictive, prescriptive, machine learning, open data and - obviously - big data.,SamiCh_10,
Data Scientist with hands-on experience in developing and deploying AI solutions. I specialize in distributed Machine Learning platforms with experience in Spark. Comfortable in programming in a variety of languages and I consider myself a tools agnostic Data Scientist. I have worked as a consultant in the past and I am a very delivery focused individual.
Data scientist, researcher, theoretical physicist and AI developer. During the night: Digital artist exploring human - machine collaborations.  Loves mathematical problems in multidisciplinary settings.
PhD with experience of 5 years in data science related to consumer behaviors and engineering, as well as competence in mathematical modeling and statistics, machine learning, computer programming, and signal analysis. Regarding the commercial data, I realized feature engineering, predictive modeling, text analysis, time series analysis, model assessment. As for the engineering data, I designed nonlinear regression and optimization algorithms, and achieved analytical and numerical research results. I am curious to new techniques and proven as a fast learner.
Enthusiastic data scientist specialized in machine learning, artificial intelligence, optimization, and resource allocation.    Kaggle competition master with the highest ranking 195/122,414.
Driven Algo Trading Quant with over 10 years experience in equity markets with a focus on algo trading from both buy and sell-side. Passionate about quantitative analysis of capital markets and trading behaviour. Experienced in building and leading quant/data science teams.  Industry Experience: Cash / Benchmark algorithms, arbitrage algos, multi asset-class algos (index, futures, NDF, equities), market micro structure, TCA, high frequency trading strategies, dark pools.  Data Science: Machine Learning, A.I.,  market impact models,  A/B testing, Statistical Analysis, Big Data.  Technical knowledge: Scala, Java, Python, R, SQL
A Data Scientist with a strong background in Machine Learning and Business Intelligence. Also with good marketing (analytics) experience in the Telecom industry.  Main objective: To leverage my technical skills in a Data-Driven environment.  I also do projects in various programming languages using Agile practices, below is a link to a project I developed within an agile team: https://github.com/evpxregu/agiledevelopmentprocess Phone: +46738746660,
I'm most interested in Mobile Robotics, Machine Learning, Computer Vision, and Programming (the order is time-variant). I'm also very interested in Computational Geometry, Data Mining, and Conceptual Spaces.,
Data Scientist with Master’s degree in Statistics and nearly 15 years of experience in quantitative analysis from the private sector and international organisations.   Skilled throughout data delivery chain, from database management and programming in several languages (SAS, SQL, R, Excel/VBA) to statistical analysis and machine learning algorithms, drafting of analytical reports and presenting the results in front of large audiences.   Strong track record from different sectors due to great curiosity and interest in improving efficiencies in data processes and using statistical analysis for enhanced results.,
Data Scientist with PhD in information and communication technologies and an MSc in software engineering of distributed systems, using Python for machine learning, cognitive computing, AI, predictive analysis and exploration.   I have 10+ years of research science/engineering experience in web science and artificial intelligence (main focus on trust and privacy, recommender systems, social network analysis/mining) with over 20+ peer reviewed articles.  Focus on deep learning, recommender systems, NLP, cognitive search. Languages and Frameworks: Python (pandas, numpy, scikit-learn, tensorflow/keras, etc.),nimdoc
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. Skilled in Statistics, Research, Python, Matlab, and Stata. Strong engineering professional with a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) focused in Economics from KTH Royal Institute of Technology.,
Lia's current passion is connecting business with the way people interact with products by looking at the precious digital traces they leave behind.  Her current job involves using all kinds of data for creating value and business in a wide range of domains (logistics, smart buildings, retail and payments), by helping design cool new digital services and initiatives.  She is an engineer who uses empathy and her bag of math tricks to face problems in a reasonable way. She loves statistics and algorithms.,LiaRollsADie
PhD in Thermo and Fluid Dynamics with a focus on premixed turbulent combustion simulation applicable in automotive industry. More than 8 years experience working with CFD simulation in different areas including premixed combustion, aerodynamics and multiphase flows using OpenFOAM and Starccm+, and 3 years of experience in 1D modelling using GT-Suite. Experienced user in ANSA,  MATLAB, Paraview, and C++ programming.   Intensively involved in planning, executing and developing various projects at Chalmers University of Technology, Iran University of Science and Technology and two consultant companies in Iran.   Very interested in project management and product development using simulation and analysis. Organised, problem solver, communicative and enjoy working both individually and in team.,
Biologist, master, and PhD in Ecology, specialist in data science, with experience in scraping and data visualization. Data Scientist at the Stockholm Environment Institute as a member of the Trase platform team. Previously I worked at Amazon Environmental Research Institute on assessing the impact, compliance and implementation of the Forest Code and other public policies. Additionally, I work with some different hypothesis about the correlation between the land distribution and land use and cover changes, with the objective to purpose ways to promote sustainable economic development in Brazil. Professional and personal interest in business intelligence solution systems tools.
Currently working as Data Scientist in Group Data Management Office , Responsible for IBM Data Science Experience tool which is part of IBM Watson Studio.  Worked as Data Scientist in Group Functions Information Reporting.  Worked as a solution Architect  on Phoenix project. Scope of project is to migrate Information Server from 8.7 to 11.3 and also migrate from AIX operating system to LINUX for Finance systems in Nordea Bank.  Worked with Capgemini in Nordea Application maintenance Project, Nordea is the leading financial services group in the Nordic and Baltic Sea Region serving approximately 11 million customers. Nordea is providing a wide range of products, services and solutions within banking, asset management and insurance. Nordea is one of the leading banks.  Worked with Decision Support System (Data warehouse Development) team in Reliance Communication Ltd.DSS delivers vital information to business users to make timely and accurate decisions for business growth leading to effective and efficient operations to gain a competitive edge in the market, DSS collects data from multiple sources, Summarizes data as per business needs, Creates Standard, Comprehensive and Accurate view at business operations. My responsibilities include develop ETL Job, writing Co-Sort script; develop BW jobs, writing standard queries, tune queries. The nature of work is to access the system using UNIX system and executing queries on Oracle9i/10g database.
OPEN TO DISCUSS | Freelance Contracts (Remote Part-Time or Full-Time+) | Area: Data Science / Data Engineering / ML Engineering | Region: Nordics, Europe and beyond  I am interested in psychological quantitative research, theoretical philosophy, programming, statistics and mathematics. I am highly driven, curious and creative. I thrive on challenges and problem-solving on a theoretical, practical and empirical level. I thrive on these challenges as much as the next person enjoys traveling and adventure. I am a person that strives for mastery. My primary focus is to constantly learn and excel in my work. I also hope to be able to do analytics for humanitarian causes. Enabling me to both learn and to do something for others.   On my path I want to lead, coach and inspire others to actualize their potential, and give them the opportunity to realize their aspirations.  At the work-place I value a high work-ethic; team-spirit, integrity, passion and dedication.  
Hi, my name is Per Marcus and I'm a Data Scientist at Sogeti. I love sharing my knowledge and have a passion for teaching and statistics which I always try to combine while working on machine learning and deep learning projects. I've recently helped develop a learning program for newly employed in machine learning to better prepare them for upcoming consultancy placements.  It is my belief that the best way to learn is also to share. Also, I love to sing.  Skills: R, Python, Statistics, Machine Learning, Teaching
Architect for strategic projects – conceptualizing and solving complex problems using Machine Learning techniques, in the areas of Industrial Automation, Forecasting and Classification.    - Strong academic background in Computer Science, Mathematics and Electronics. - Well versed in architecting, product development, delivery and consulting roles. - Applied ML/AI techniques to solve various business problems - Strong machine learning skills – classification, clustering, regression, deep neural networks - Experienced in ML frameworks (Spark ML, python, scikit-learn, SciPy, NumPy, Tensorflow) - Versed with image analytics using Deep Learning/Artificial Intelligence/CNN - Previously product development manager at Telelogic and IBM Labs - Delivery of descriptive analytics dashboards (Cognos) for IBM Labs - Research contributor in papers on smart parking and industrial automation using machine learning  My goal is to continue to participate in the development of innovative solutions/products with the application of artificial intelligence and machine learning, establish myself as a lead architect, and also engage in relevant research work where possible.
Data Scientist: mathematical modelling applied to business analytics, with tools as Python, R, Matlab. Learning Julia. Master degrees in Finance and Mathematical Statistics from Lund Univeristy; Experimental Program in Finance, Chu Kochen Honors College,Zhejiang University Long-term international and intercultural experience and networking; Master Thesis on random graph  
I’m connecting business processes and data with tools for advanced analytics and machine learning models. The objective is always to understand and solve the underlying business problem.  To solve business problem with data, you need to understand how data is created and treated in the business. When you have that understanding, you can build data pipelines that input data to machine learning models that makes it possible for the business to take decisions based on probabilities, not on hunch feelings. This is exactly what drives me in my role as Data Scientist:  helping the business creating a truly data driven organization where data is seen as a strategic asset, a view that must be embraced by the whole organization.  My toolbox includes open source tools as R, Python, Spark, Hive, Hadoop but also commercial vendors as SAS and Snowflake.,
Experienced Director with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in C++, Hibernate, Java, and DevOps. Strong professional with a Master Programme in Business Intelligence focused in Data Management from Dalarna University.,
Experienced Software Engineer with 18 years of demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Strong engineering professional skilled in Back-End Development, Data Science and Embedded Software.  Main programming languages are Python, Golang and C/C++.,
A Data Scientist with experience in Deep Learning, Healthcare, and Predictive analytics. Currently, Data Scientist / ML Engineer at Volvo cars working on Autonomous vehicles.  Previously, Data Scientist at Science for Life Laboratory working on Deep Learning applied to microscopic images. Data Science and Entrepreneurship graduate from KTH Royal Institute of Technology and Eindhoven University of technology.   `,G_Sohrabh
Scientist. Specialties: data analysis, statistics, programming.  Experience in academic teaching. Reviewer and supervisor. Research in Astrophysics with focus on Active Galactic Nuclei.,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of developing software, conducting machine learning research, and building data-driven solutions. Passionate about the latest technology, cross-functional collaboration, and enabling business with advanced analytics. Skilled in presenting towards various audiences, written and verbal communication, problem-solving, continuous delivery.,
A mathematician, a thinker, solving problems from math theorem to program code.  Delving into math since little, working out complex solutions based on existing formulas has come naturally to me. However, at all times I wonder how can those formulas describe reality. Do they prove it, or create one?  Data science shows me the way to figure this out. When analyzing data, I inspect, transform and evaluate data characteristics, and generate formulas capable to represent actual phenomena.,solumilken
Data Scientist with 2 years of experience working in the different domains Natural Language Processing and Image classification.   I have a Master's degree in Engineering Physics from Lund University specialising in image analysis and Deep Learning. I spent one semester of my master studies at the Technische Universität München.  My experience includes implementing non-standard neural network solutions, creating a search algorithm for a speech transcription system, building prediction models for service requests at IKEA currently deployed in a production environment.,
It has always been my dream to see big data makes people's daily life more convenient. Thus, after receiving double bachelor's degree in Sociology and International Relations, I decided to pursue M.S. in Business Analytics, hoping to combine data science with my understanding of human behavior. After carrying out lots of different projects, I found my passion in data analytics, machine learning, and AI.  I've previously worked in a leading eCommerce in Taiwan, operating data analysis, market research and marketing/pricing strategy settings. Also, I was selected to join Japanese government research team to do social research in Tokyo. Now, I'm about to finish my job as a consultant (Data Analysis) at Notebowl, a social learning platform.  **Software:  MySQL, Python (Pandas, Numpy, SciKit-Learn, Matplotlib, Seaborn, NLTK), R
EIT Digital Scholar in Data Science track. Experienced Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Machine learning, data analytics, python development and  Oracle Database Administration. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor’s Degree focused in Computer Engineering.
An excellent background in data analytics with strengths in the following areas: Data Analysis, Statistics, Hypothesis testing, Data verification, Data cleansing, Exploratory data analysis techniques, Machine learning, Linear regression, Visualizing Data, Natural Language Processing, Social Network 
I  feel motivated  when I am working  with problems that have impact on improving people's lives and i life  quality  using data science methods to unlock hidden information and transforming it into useful insights, and thereby making value for people.   Valuating team work and knowledge sharing among team members. I am  open for new  challenges.   Solid experience in making insights from data/signals, i.e.,  development, pre-development and research  incl. following:   15+ yrs. experience working in International environment.   • Solid  experience in advanced  machine learning methods and model selection: supervised/unsupervised algorithms e.g. Support vector machine, Neural Networks,  Decision Trees, Adaboost,  regression, classification, prediction,  segmentation, model fitting, k-nearest neighbor, dimensionality reduction, matrix factorization methods,  PCA, SVD
In love with data and even more enjoying let insights drive strategy no mater high level decision or our daily detail process.,
Data Scientist and Statistician,
I have comprehensive experience with data science and machine learning, would like to strengthen my business intelligence skills My background in economics makes great foundations for data science as I was taught to approach problems looking at the big picture,
I am a data scientist with a strong background in statistics and machine learning algorithms. I am passionate about diving into the data and making sense of the data, with proven abilities to connect analytical insights with business outcomes. I am a problem solver with extensive experience spanning telecommunications engineering, life science, and biomedical science.,
Data-Scientist with Project Manager Experience.
Data Scientist / AI.ML Engineer / Cloud Architect,
With +5 years experience in data science, +6 years experience in entrepreneurship and a master's in statistics.  With an interest in developing constructive and challenging projects. I want to contribute to several areas of development in a project as I can add passion and drive to a meaningful purpose.  Have developed startups in advertising, data science, tourism and non-profit. Each one of the projects has performed either top or higher than the average competitors.   Took months off between Jan- September 2019 to focus on my empathy research project while travelling to Central America, Asia, US and East Africa.  Understanding cultures and diversity by living in several countries; Tanzania, Sweden, Romania, Germany.   Worked on projects with companies such as: Tetra Pak, Alfa Laval, Statoil, Maersk, Evonik,  Teradata, and Microsoft.
I'm a Data Scientist who loves Machine Learning, Statistics, and Artificial Neural Networks. I work in Ericsson, Sweden, as a researcher in the field of Computer Vision and Data Science.  Apart from Engineering and Science, I enjoy swimming, rock climbing, and playing guitar.,
Open to any position related to engineer and data. Looking for a team that everyone loves learning and willing to share with each one.,
Experienced Postdoctoral Researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in Machine Learning, Image Processing, Computer Vision, Data Analysis, Computer Science, Matlab, JAVA, Python and C++. Strong research professional with a PhD in Electronics and Electrical Engineering focused in Computer vision, Machine Learning, Biometrics, Pattern Recognition from University of Bath.
I'm passionate about data science and machine learning techniques for solving real-world problems that uplifts from different industries. In addition, I also have an academic degree on Mathematics and Statistics as well as machine learning which assist me to create robust models as needed.  Competences:  - Experience on Statistical modeling and Machine Learning techniques. - Big data, EDA, ML at scale (Spark, H2o, etc.) - R, Python, SQL (RDBMS) - Google Cloud Platform (GCP) - Other analytical tools: SAS, SPSS, Data Studio, Excel, LaTex for scientific writing - Flexibility with both Linux and Windows.  Deep knowledge on:  - Linear, Logistic Regression, Decision Tree and Random Forest algorithms for building machine learning models - Solving Classification and Regression problems - Ensemble Modeling techniques like Bagging, Boosting, Support Vector Machines (SVM), and Kernel Tricks. - Dimensionality reduction techniques - Evaluate and improve machine learning models through Feature Engineering - Unsupervised Machine Learning Techniques - Web scraping
Dwyane Wei received Master degree in the Department of Electrical Engineering of National Taiwan University of Science and Technology at Taipei, Taiwan in 2009. Moreover, I also got the Ph.D. degree in the Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering at National Taiwan University of Science and Technology. My research interests include Financial Analysis,  Network security (i.e., Pattern Finding in Application/Network Layer using Data Mining and Machine Learning) and Application security (i.e., Mobile device applications, computer software and dynamic application testing and malware reverse engineering).
Experienced data analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the research industry. Skilled in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Statistical Modeling, Data Visualization, and programming in Python and R. Graduated with a Master of Science in Information Systems and Applications from National Tsing Hua University, Taiwan.
Analyst with a history of working in research and international development. Skilled in statistical data analysis, report writing and data communication using R and Python. In the last year of a PhD in Biology and Complex Systems Analysis from University of York.,
A digital hardware engineer obsessed with FPGA/ASIC and Artificial Intelligence. Presently, embarking on intriguing scientific exploration towards On-device Deep Learning acceleration.   Immense technical expertise in AI, system-on-chip (SoC) design and embedded software along with the drive to push boundaries in innovation. Brings a thoughtful perspective, blend of creativity and high-tech savvy. A team player perceived for impassioned approach together with innovative ideas.
Data Scientist in the Banking Industry, located in Stockholm, Sweden. He holds a BSc (Hons) in Computer Science  Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece and MSc in Computer Science program  Uppsala University, Sweden,  Fields that he is really interested in are machine learning (highly enthusiast of deep neural networks) , data analytics, graph theory, digital signal processing,  image processing, complex network analysis.  George is a passionate problem solver that really enjoys professional challenges. Furthermore, he is strong and fast learner, with great technical skills that enjoys also sharing new knowledge with the rest of the team, looking for new challenges and is ready to contribute in the innovative field of Machine Learning and Data Science, in order to improve people's lives and make this world even better.
Strong knowledge and experience in machine learning and data science, Have done several successful projects in machine learning, deep learning and data science,  Self-motivated professional with strong programming skills, Proficient programming skills in Python (data science and machine learning libs), pyspark, tensorflow, SQL, C++ and Matlab, Strong knowledge in descriptive statistics and statistical inference methods, Strong written and verbal communication skills acquired through preparing various papers, reports and presentations, Problem solving and troubleshooting experiences acquired during working, research and teaching, Both independent and collaborative team-working skills
My educational background is a mixture of psychology, atmospheric sciences, and computer sciences, from which I developed strong skills in analytics and programming, as well as a keen interest in understanding complex systems.  With data analysis, modeling, and computer simulation, my academic training was more like navigating through the ocean of data and looking for patterns out of unknown using computing and analytic tools.  As a continuation of the exploration, my professional experiences mainly concern the research and development of solutions related to applying computational data analytics on various data sources.  From behavioral data, meteorological data, text data, medical imaging to sensor data on mobile devices, I design algorithms, software components, and service flows as a part of integrated solutions.    As the mobile computing paradigm arose, I participated in several projects are mostly about mobile-based solutions, such as location-based services, interactive interfaces
Experienced data analyst with a master degree in Computational Statistics and Machine Learning from University College London. Keen to apply statistical and machine learning experience to solve data science problems and give business insights.
Data scientist with machine learning focus keen on tackling analytics problems to transform businesses and society at large with data-driven and evidence-based solutions. Self-driven, fast learner and eager to contribute in a diverse and exciting team.
Business oriented Data scientist. # MSc in Financial Engineering. # MSc in Mathematical Modelling and Simulation. # Solid knowledge in Applied Mathematics and Statistics. # Strong knowledge in Analytical Finance and investment theory. # Solid knowledge in Data Analysis, Data Mining and Machine Learning. # Good analytical and critical thinking that helps adopting an objective view on a given task. # Focused on details, eager to face new challenges utilizing a broad theoretical and practical   knowledge of the job.  # Skilled at learning new concepts quickly, working well under pressure, and communicating ideas clearly and effectively.,
18 years in software development, 15 years in leadership and over a decade in Data Science. I use data, curiosity and deep mental models to help people discover their latent super powers.,henrik_hallberg
I'm currently looking for data scientist opportunities.  •	More than 8+ years of experience in developing artificial intelligence algorithms. •	Rich experience of developing machine learning (ML), statistical and numerical algorithms to solve real world problems in the following fields: natural language processing (NLP), geographic user behavior analysis, cyber security and computer vision (CV). •	Experience of filing AI-related patents. •	1+ year of experience of leading a cloud service project.
DS with a demonstrated evolution of working in the higher education, industry and startup environments. Skilled in GCP, Linux, Databases, Big Data Analytics, Data Warehousing, Data Engineering. Strong research professional with doctoral studies focused on IoT for Smart Buildings, University Politehnica” of Bucharest and research done in California.,
Natural language processing, machine learning and programming are my jam.,
Data Mining/AI/Machine Learning/Deep Learning/Python/R/Matlab/Data Scientist/Model Building/Statistical Forecasting/Image Analysis/Big Data,
I am a biologist with great interest and curiosity in many fields. To my mind, all fields are interconnected and someone can gain benefit from the knowledge that additional fields offer. I tend to look through a problem from multiple perpectives, since my heterogeneous background helps me solve it even if the degree of complexity is high.  A powerful tool in research is Data Science, with Artificial Intelligence to excite me the most. Thus, I set as a goal to work hard and become a Data Scientist focusing on AI research. This June, I graduated from the joint Master's Programme Molecular Techniques in Life Science, a collaboration among KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Karolinska Institute and Stockholm University, having obtained knowledge and experience within the field of Deep Learning.
I am a self-driven engineer with passion for new technologies and applied science. My main areas/fields of interests are: - Aerospace and aviation - Thermal engineering - Data science, optimisation and machine learning - Numerical simulations and design of experiments - Nuclear engineering - Project management,
I am working as a data scientist on problems related to big data, machine learning and data engineering. My work involves learning about state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms as well as scaling data science solutions to the cloud.  My prior experience has been in running large scale fluid simulations for astrophysical systems and constructing reduced data-driven models for them. This work has also involved some theoretical and analytical work. In my free time, I like to workout and travel.
Not just a Data Scientist, but also a Product Manager.  I design data products and apply my analytical skills to help SME improve business problems.,
Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the telecommunications industry. Skilled in Broadband, Voice over IP (VoIP), IPTV, Mobile Communications, Business Development, Product- and Business Management and Strategy. Strong professional with a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD).
With over 6 years of experience working in data science, I use data to tell stories. I know how to be a one-person team to perform analytics and build models, but I also know and have built data science teams from scratch.   I can perform analysis with well-defined tasks and support known analytical needs. I am also an expert on how to take 'do something' to a clear objective with deliverables. Primarily worked with implementing ML within the healthcare field, but also worked with customer space, intellectual property and telecom.
Driven by my passion for music and photography, my daily mission is to find creative solutions to all challenges.  I am a Data Scientist seeking the truth behind the data. From my BSc I gained a solid background in systems, control and mechatronics, which I have extended towards Machine Learning and Data Science through my MSc and currently I am leveraging the latter through my work experience.  My dream is to live in such an interconnected world where humans are free of mundane tasks and instead they get to play with the instruments of life itself. The arts.  In my free time I play/record music, travel, host social events and get lost in online knowledge journeys. 
I am a Data Scientist and Team Leader in TSMC. One of my responsibilities include helping our Foundry Engineers solve their toughest data analytic problems. My interest lies in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Applied Statistics. I have extensive knowledge of all aspects of semiconductor manufacturing.  Thus far I have developed skills in Statistics, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Simulation and Scheduling. I normally work with Python but have also worked with different Data Base Management Systems like Oracle, MySQL and I have mastered the SQL Language. I am excited to apply my knowledge and skills to contribute to this important effort.  I am a friendly, steadfast, creative problem solver, eager to contribute, collaborate, and continue learning. Please send me a message to get a conversation going!  Domains : Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, Big Data, Simulation, Scheduling  Hands on Experience:  Convolution Neural Network, Recurrent Neural Network, Long Short-Term Memory
I'm a data scientist with a background in statistics and a strong focus on machine learning. Problems I've worked on include: customer churn, demand forecasting, predictive maintenance, fault detection, and general anomaly detection. I'm also experienced in delivering insight into user behavior (especially for mobile apps)  through A/B testing, creating meaningful KPIs, building dashboards, and reporting.  A constant need to learn and grow is my main source of motivation, and I never shy away from projects that require heavy research, learning new tools, working cross-functionally, or diving into a new industry.,
I’m a creative data scientist who tries to use data as a tool to gain deep insights and solve complex problems. With significant experiences in both research and business, I have been an innovator, an analyst, a scientist and a communicator. In every role, I’m a highly responsible and efficient person with the ambition to make a real difference.
Currently as a full-time Data science in the Mobile Intelligence team, adopting Machine Learning models into both DSP and DMP platforms,
A curious and positive person - a lifelong learner - with a great passion for ML/AI/insights and analytics.,
Data science: I can move the average this way, I can move it that way.
I am a wireless algorithm specialist with profound experience in radio resource management, algorithm/concept design, system-level simulator development and performance evaluation. I have extensively worked on L2/L3 solutions for LTE/LTE-A systems (power control, MAC scheduling, mobility management, etc.), LTE/WLAN interworking as well as introducing Machine Learning/AI-based applications for 4G/5G use cases.
Data analyst and computational geneticist with good knowledge of R, system administration, programming mobile applications and embedded solutions.   Specialties: data analyses and visualisation using R, modelling, stats, bioinformatics.,
My work interest lies in the field of Big Data Analysis/Data Scientist. I have a very strong background in data analysis and Maths. Ability to use advanced quantitative analysis, data mining techniques and strong industry acumen to interpret, connect and predict data to deliver insight and recommendations for decisions.  Can drive improvements based on the analysis result; design and develop statistical models based on the operating needs of the organization as well as oversee the ongoing data processing cycles. Ability to works with a large volume of data on the Big Data platform, perform data analysis and mining to generate solutions to yield/quality problems. Can Identify new data-source in the network that will create new insights into business needs. Highly analytical and process-oriented data analyst with in-depth knowledge of database types; research methodologies; and big data capture, manipulation, and visualization using Python.
Data scientist, originally trained in metabolism and neurosciences, developing experimental analysis with Product team in parallel of analysis of health data to improve user experience.
Computing:  Python, NumPy, SciPy, Scikit-Learn, R, MATLAB,  R Shiny App, TensorFlow •	 Machine learning, Deep learning, Convolutional Neural Network(CNN), Natural Language Processing(NLP),  Image processing, Linear programming
I am a Highly motivated individual ready to take on challenging projects. My previous job was at MTBC (Medical Billing and Transcription Company) Islamabad Pakistan. I was hired for the post of Jr. Data Scientist. During that job, I worked with my team to develop an intelligent system for the doctors to assist them in their checkups and billing processes. I try to solve the problem I take on in an efficient manner. I have developed projects in teams and also as an individual. I have a habit of properly planning my work and then moving towards the solution. I have also worked at ReVeaL (Recognition Vissino and Learning ) a research lab at National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences Islamabad Pakistan. I worked there as Deep Learning Engineer. It is my passion to enhance my learning, I try to stay updated with state of the art technique in my field . The project I have recently worked on,  Medical Procedure Prediction From Diagnose [Python, Apriori Rule Mining, FastXML] Predicting Current Procedural Terminology (CPT) from International Classification of Diseases (ICD) to assist the doctor and speed up the process of insurance claims. The prediction model is based on Apriori Rules Mining and Fast XML. The model is robust and highly paralyzed. It is a Multi Lable problem. There are 70,000 unique Diagnosis code and 20,000 unique Procedures. The model predicts exact subcategory of procedures which need to be applied.,
Goal Create mathematical models and algorithms, from prototype to implementation, to draw insights from big data and turn it into a meaningful story to help customers create measurable business value.  Profile Solution-focused engineer and physicist with 6 years experience in creating and implementing advanced analysis models and algorithms for complex data sets using statistical programming. Motivated by great responsibility, teamwork and creating measurable value for customers.   Personal  I like to challenge myself to develop. I am a pursueful, curious and solution oriented person, who dares to take initiative. Social, positive and outgoing. Family and friends mean a lot to me. Every morning I enjoy  excersize pilates. To find peace I take time to enjoy outdoor recreation.   Strengths Outgoing networker |  Calm and positive |  Curious entrepreneur | Flexible and patient | Driven and fast-paced | Solution-focused | Critically analyze |  Write reports  | Present work   Instrument 	SIS mixer, FFTS and RCC spectrometers, Radio receiver  Tools: 	Statistics, Mathematics, Programming, Simulation models  Computer knowledge: 	 	Python, MATLAB, R, C#, SQL, Azure, Azure ML studio
A Data Scientist with experience of handling and analyzing large-scale data from various high throughput platforms. A specific focus has been on mining the data for various traits with the help of Machine Learning methodologies.,
Machine Learning Engineer with a background in research, cloud infrastructure, engineering, and problem-solving with over 4 years of experience in the software and hardware industry. Skilled in AWS machine learning deployment and experience creating machine learning models, transfer learning, optimizing model parameters, feature engineering, and transforming data science prototypes to production-grade solutions.  Creating models for compressing vehicle sensor data by over 90% while improving predictive maintenance performance by over 23% than the original data.  Got a tip, freebies, launch, idea, gig, bear, hackathon (I love those) or leak? Contact me on Twitter thehapyone,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of leading diverse projects in the field of Data Science. Skilled in Python, R,  Data Analysis, and Machine Learning. Strong research professional with a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) focused on Computational Biology.
Our team is responsible for researching and developing break through methods and algorithms for LTE and 5G radio network products. Our challenges are within areas such as statistics, machine learning, data mining, and large-scale optimization.  Specialties: Machine-learning, Mathematical programming, Optimization, Telecommunications, Mobile communications, Control systems, Multi-agent systems.
Experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in medical and energy sector.  Skilled programmer in R, Matlab and Python and proficient in using Linux environment and shell scripting. Strong engineering background with Ph.D. in mechanical engineering specialized in Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD). Extensive experience in data analysis, statistical/numerical simulations, data visualization and dashboard creation.  Quick learner with strong analytical mind and excellent communication and problem solving skills who constantly seeks new challenges. Actively contributes in discussions with domain experts and can transform domain knowledge into mathematical models, algorithms and novel solutions.,
Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Software, Hardware, Innovation,
Full Stack Data Science Engineer with a Computer Science background. I am passionate about Data Science, Machine Learning and Deep Learning. I worked on designing Machine Learning models for demand forecasting in the Retail Industry.  I had an experience as a visiting instructor in Deep Learning at ENSI, Manouba University.   I am always looking for amazing, unexpected, challenging, electrifying and surprising opportunities.  My Life Motto: Learning is an endless process, always be thirsty for knowledge.  “The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing.” -Voltaire-,
Broad business and technical knowledge in games, data analysis, database and software programming, product management. Managed employees in internationally distributed geographies for both start-ups and large companies. Experienced in data analytics, monetizing virtual goods and services, product development, IP portfolio management, financial projections, and technology licensing. Broad Silicon Valley, Boston, Asia network.  High-tech startup executive/CEO. MIT Sloan MBA '05, Stanford MSEE '99. Pacific Century Fellow 2007, PBN Forty Under 40.  Specialties: Steam, mobile, and browser games, Analytics and monetization, Unity, C#, Javascript
I am a physics and biomedical engineer who thrives on big challenges and has a diverse skillset within: * data analytics and software development  * innovation and concept generation  * design modelling and optimization  * intellectual property and patent infringement analysis * competitive intelligence collection and analysis  * project management and requirements management  I am a continuous learner with a strong sense of commitment to every project and a proven record of establishing new capabilities/functions within organizations. The inventor of 15+ patents.
Seasoned Scientist with solid industry and academic background. Programming efficiency in Python and Java  Having focused on deep learning and machine learning the past two years. In 2014, I received a Ph.D. degree in Computer Science from National Tsing Hua University and the IBM Ph.D. Fellowship Award (worldwide). I was an exchange student in Technische Universität Berlin and was an Assistant Professor in National Taiwan Ocean University. I am currently working as a Data Scientist in Chunghwa Telecom, the largest telecommunications company in Taiwan. I was a member of 20 technical program committees, and have at least 3 papers are cited top 10% in the same or a similar field. I am actively looking for research-oriented positions (such as a software engineer and a data scientist) in the United States. Please contact me or refer me to someone who is interested in hiring me. I would be grateful if you can circulate my resume  or my CV (among your connections.
Currently working as a Data Scientist in the area of Consumer Science.   Have a background in Academia.
Quantitative analyst with a background in mathematical statistics, financial engineering and programming, and a strong interest for quantitative modelling and machine learning, both within and outside credit/market risk modelling.,
I've worked as a physiotherapist for five years but my passion for understanding root causes for diseases and strategies for preventive measures led me to seek a masters degree in Public Health (Epidemiology).   Today, I am a PhD candidate at Lund University, where I work building models and integrating complex health data (OMICS, lifestyle, health registers, etc) with the hope to unveil diseases' etiological pathways and to contribute to personalized healthcare.  Strong background in epidemiology, data science, and machine learning.
I enable products and marketing teams with insights that are actionable and statistically significant to drive and influence relevant business metrics. I believe that the quality of a product is most correlated to its reproducibility and business value-gain from it. My portfolio includes several analytical projects including personalisation, customer segmentation, multi-label classification, recommender systems and online-learning.   Having worked in diverse roles and environments enable me to understand stakeholder requirements effectively and deliver end-to-end Analytics framework from data preparation to model development on to execution.,aw3s
Hello, welcome to my page. I'm eager to master all aspect of AI algorithms and apply them to real-world problems  Proven expertise in developing and applying machine/deep learning algorithms Comprehensive knowledge in computational mathematics and statistics Extensive experience in tech/non-tech presentation, PM, cross-organization collaboration, and training  - Python in ASR: ESPnet, wav2letter, SpecAug - Python in DS/ML: LightGBM, XGBoost, CatBoost, scikit-learn, pandas, numpy, matplotlib, seaborn - Python in CV: CNN, OpenCV, OCR, Mask R-CNN
Experienced in application of advanced analytics in industrial automation and passionate about IoT for industrial manufacturing.  Skilled in product development and management, business development, team leadership and team building. Motivated, ambitious and self driven!,
I lead AI-Tox project at Research Institutes of Sweden (RISE).  Areas of experties: -Cheminformatics -Machine learning -Computational Toxicology -Bioinformatics | Systems toxicology -Image-informatics -Molecular modelling
I am a Statistical Data Scientist, professional in data, computational and statistical analysis with R, Python and Matlab . Big data of business, statistical Intelligent Analytics, KIP, Reporting System are my working interests. My statistical and computational competence includes Spatio-temporal data analysis, time series analysis, and multivariate regression and clustering.,
More than 10 years experience in telecom, wireless network, marketing analytics, and data science industries as senior engineer, data scientist, research scientist. Hands-on advanced analytics, machine learning, optimization, telecom algorithms, network localizations and Synchronization.  Extensive research collaborations with various international institutes and universities during PhD/postdoc programs.  Extensive experiences in: 1) marketing mixture model (MMM), digital attribution, budget optimisation for marketing channels 2) applied machine learning and data analytics including traditional machine learning approaches, deep learning, reinforcement learning, Bayesian machine learning, convex optimization, distributed online learning  3) adaptive signal processing, wireless network positioning
Senior data scientist, consultant, ex-bioinformatician. PhD in computer science (computational biology) and associate professor (docent) in bioinformatics at the Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm. Part of the organizing teams of Stockholm AI and Stockholm R useR Group meetup groups.
I'm a seasoned and passionate Data Scientist by profession and by training, a motivated DevOps and Full-Stack Software Developer at heart, and a Deep Learning Enthusiast. I have more than 8 years of professional experience in diverse lines of industries including research, IT, energy, manufacturing, processing and packaging. Being a result-oriented technologist, I'm very enthusiastic about innovating and leveraging cutting-edge technologies to solve complex business problems.  I'm highly skilled in algorithm design and implement optimization, parallel computing, DevOps, Linux, *cloud* computing services as well as on-premise HPC clusters. Being proficient in several programming languages, such as Python, R, C/C++, Bash, JavaScript, and MATLAB
I am a Statistical Data Scientist with international and Scandinavian living and working experience, professional in data, computational and statistical analysis with R, Python and  Matlab. Big data of business, statistical Intelligent Analytics, KIP, and Reporting System are my working interests. My statistical and computational competence includes spatio-temporal data analysis, (non-stationary) time series analysis, and multivariate regression and clustering.
Child’s curiosity. Raconteur’s love of storytelling. Artist’s ability to look at things from a different angle. Rebel’s tendency to challenge the status quo. Scientist’s rigor. Nerd’s sex appeal.    I’m a data enthusiast who gets hooked on solving intriguing problems and crafting beautiful stories and visualizations with data. Over the past 5 years, I have applied statistics to solve problems in government, brain sciences, retail and digital healthcare.   Prior to joining Tictrac, I worked at Albatross Global Solutions where I specialized in the application of data analysis to help luxury brands better understand their customers. In a previous life, I crunched numbers and conducted research at MIT to understand how we can boost our cognitive abilities.   I’m passionate by what lies at the intersection of technology, quantified-self and personalized health care and in using data science to build great products.  Skills: , Databases: SQL, MongoDB, Hadoop, Pig, Hive , Analysis: Unix/Shell, Python, R, Excel , Web: Flask, Javascript, Heroku , Visualization: ggplot, D3.js
With working experience in the private unit, authority and overseas project, Pei-Yuan Chien is acquainted with negotiation of teamwork and administrative process. His study in transportation science and logistics enables his profession in developing and providing solutions for the optimal structure of network. Two years of specialization in the design of demand responsive transit system have equipped him with the skills in the evaluation of benefits derived from a targeted system based on computer science.  Previous involvements in social events and activities show his ability in the organization and management of team. As far as his vision for the future, he is dedicated to expanding his networks in various fields.,
I have a PhD degree in EECS International graduate program at National Chiao Tung University (Taiwan).  My PhD primarily Focused on medical imaging systems, signal processing and machine learning for biomedical applications. Currently working with Gengee technologies and designing solutions based on computer vision for sports analytics, aimed to help both coaches and TV broadcast Other interests: Image processing, Machine learning, Telecommunications  Technical skills:  Excellent skills in Matlab and Python Object programming: C++, Java, VB.NET Hardware programming: VHDL Other languages: C, Assembly, Javascript Deep learning, Machine Learning, Signal processing, Speech processing, Image processing  Communications and management skills: Project management: Gantt diagrams Some business skills,sebastien_m51
Always-learning mentality, passionate technologist, polyglot developer and enthusiastic person.  I’m very knowledgeable on projects hosted in the cloud and currently studying a double master's degree in Data Science due to my growing interest in Machine Learning and large-scale distributed systems. Among its different areas, I’m currently focusing on reinforcement learning, active learning and other concepts related to data streams such as anomaly detection or concept drift.  I'm deeply interested in the application of these technologies in the medical field, especially in neuroscience.
I am a passionate Data Scientist, applying state-of-the-art tools to extract relevant insights from the data, drive the development of new cutting-edge technologies, and shed light on potentially useful patterns in the data that enable to make informed and un-biased decisions.  I have acquired, during 9+ years in RandD, excellent skills on problem solving, data analysis, programming (such as Python, R, bash scripting, and FORTRAN), machine learning techniques (from classical machine learning algorithms to more advanced Deep Neural Networks frameworks, using tools such as Pandas, scikit-learn, Keras).  I am a curious, self-driven ad deep creative thinker, with a proven record of 15+ academic articles published in high-impact scientific journals
I hold a Bachelor degree in Applied Mathematics from Kigali Institute of Science and Technology (Rwanda), a Masters degree in Statistics and Data Mining from Linköping University (Sweden), and currently I am doing a PhD degree at Stockholm university, Sweden. My work experience spans from consulting to teaching, two areas from which I learned valuable skills.
Eric holds five years of combined experience as Fullstack Developer and Data Scientist, with a Master’s Degree in Machine Learning. Eric has been in charge of technical development at LUP for four years, worked fullstack with websites and apps, and developed microservices in finance.,
Worked with data analytics and machine learning for more than six years - Actively working with Python SciPy (incl Pandas, Matplotlib and IPython) and Scikit-Learn, TensorFlow, Ray, Keras, PySpark, R, SQL, SAS, SPSS and Tableau - Taken online classes in the area of data analytics and machine learning from Johns Hopkins University, Stanford University, Berkeley and University of Washington - Experience working in the Scrum agile software development process - More than five years of experience with LTE system and interworking - Eight years of experience working internationally  - Four years of experience with mobile telecommunication standardization work  - Five years of experience working at Ericsson Research and was promoted to Senior Specialist - Have a handful of patents in the area of machine learning and mobile telecommunication   Data Science Experience Examples Includes: - Prediction of video codec (TensorFlow) - Prediction of end user data flows over cellular network to be of heavy or light volume and of short or long duration (Pandas and Scikit-Learn) - Time series analysis to define and evaluate end user throughput KPIs in a cellular network (R incl dplyr) - IoT traffic exploration in cellular network including clustering and anomaly detection (PySpark and Scikit-Learn) - Mobile end user device power consumption using Monte Carlo simulation (R incl dplyr) - Cellular data traffic pattern exploration and analysis (R incl dplyr) - Service ticket penalty prediction (Pandas and Scikit-Learn),
Career goal in recent five years: To be an excellent data scientist  • Have great passion for data science especially AI technology • Believe advanced technology can produce beneficial effect to the business • Three words about me: open-minded, easy-going, self-motivated,
As a Data Scientist I, together with my team within Marketing and Customer Insight, create solutions to drive business value by improving assortment, pricing, forecasting, promotions and CRM at ICA. We do this by leveraging Machine Learning algorithms, Big Data technologies (Spark and Hadoop), Deep Learning frameworks (Tensorflow and Keras) and programming languages such as Python, R and SQL.,
Data Scientist with experience from government administration, University and retail industry. Skilled in Machine Learning, Mathematics and Algorithm construction.
Strong research professional, skilled in Statistical Data Analysis, AI and Software Engineering.
Huge fan of travelling, coffee, and the Toronto Maple Leafs.  But I'm also pretty keen on crunching numbers.  I'm a data scientist skilled in experimental design, statistics, econometrics, machine learning, and an avid R user.  I have experience from academia, inter-governmental organizations, and multi-national corporations.,
I studied mathematical statistics at University. Professionally, I started working with genetics research in Stockholm and Tokyo, and later as a programmer for Stockholm based firms building web applications.  Recently I have been working for EF in Shanghai as a senior Data Scientist, where I have been building prediction and scoring systems as well as supporting in-house research projects.,
I am passionate about Machine learning. I have more than three years of work experience in the Machine Learning/Deep Learning domain. On the side I do free lancing work that revolves around Natural Language Processing, Predictive Modeling and Computer Vision. I did my thesis Zenuity with a focus on Computer Vision and Deep learning. I mostly work with Python, and have worked with Python modules such as scikit-learn, NumPy, Spacy, NLTK, Scraperwiki, re etc., and deep learning frameworks such as Tensorflow and keras.,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Data Science, Apache Spark, Machine Learning and general Software Engineering. Strong engineering professional graduated from Uppsala University.,
My main motivation in my work life is to learn and apply new skills and methods. I am therefore mainly working with development of models and always enjoy coming across a problem which requires a novel solution.,
PhD || Passionate Data scientist specialized in enterprise optimization through the use of machine learning and data science.   Expertise: Machine Learning, Optimization, Numerical Modeling, Data Visualization, Probability and Statistics.
I am a person of my own ideology. Logical reasoning and rationale decisions are what define my personality. These are the distinctive features which set me aside from people around me. These have helped me through life and allowed me to stand where I am now. I adapt to change and dynamic environments which helps me in learning new things. I put myself in hardships so that I can test my potential and harness it to deliver fully.  I want to be at such a position where things are because of me and I am (or one of) the decision makers.,
Expérience en RandD : Recherche, Simulation, Spécifications, Conception, Développement, Test, Documentation, Maintenance.  Domaines: conception et développement d'Algorithmes, Data Science, Machine Learning, Deep Learning et Intelligence Artificielle.  Techniques: Classification, Regression, Segmentation, Generation, Clustering, ... 	              (Neural Networks, CNN
Experienced algorithm development and SoC/ASIC implementation with a demonstrated history of working in the semiconductor industry. My major domain knowledge includes (1) artificial intelligence, (2) wireless communication, (3) cryptography and (4) hardware security.
Highly experienced in performing large-scale data analysis using various machine learning methods for understanding the behaviours of a system.  Specialized at Quantitative Methods, Statistical and Machine Learning, complemented by advanced study in Probability, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Numerical Methods, Modeling, and data visualization.  Interested in designing experiments, A/B testing, reproducibility, and building explainable models to reveal new insights of relevance to a question at hand.  Thank you for visiting my profile, should there be any question, please contact me - email: 
After playing chess for many years and finally realising that I was not going to be the next Kasparov, then betting on the powerlifting career and ending up on the operation table with a dislocated shoulder, I set out to explore the rest of what this world has to offer.  This is how, step by step, I discovered Science.  Initially it was just physics, mathematics, biology and some engineering, but the more I was studying the clearer I could make out that Science is a Janus-faced phenomenon. It has a Natural face and a Social face and it seemed that both of them were smiling at me. This was when I seriously engaged into the latter pursuing a degree in international relations at the LSE.   My life is driven by my intellectual curiosity, be it on a campus bench, at my working place or in my free time. Spending almost two decades at universities around the globe I traversed the entire world of knowledge from physics to sociology, from cancer research to politics. I am so grateful that I had this opportunity in my life!  I am never satisfied until I get to the root of the problem that I want to solve and I never content myself with delivering just 𝘢𝘥 𝘩𝘰𝘤 solutions. My friends tend to say that my answers to the posed questions are long. But for me they are not long. They are detailed, and with time, after living for five-odd years in Sweden I adopted myself to the 𝘭𝘢𝘨𝘰𝘮 spirit: it has to be thorough, but in moderation. Since most of my career I spent being an experimental scientist, I  can compare it to a statistical data modelling: you can tune the model according to the pre-specified business goals, but it has to rest on solid scientific facts.   Now armed with this comprehensive pan-scientific insight I am looking forward to make the next career step to help solving challenging and far-reaching problems of our fascinating world.
Fascinated by high-dimensional datasets, variance-reduction methods, assimilation of measurement data, and tail recursion, my talent is in applying abstract ideas to practical problems.,
Data Scientist at Trygg Hansa   Working with Hadoop / Hive, R, MSSQL, ML RapidMiner PowerBi. Working directly with company business stakeholders in create 360 ​​degree view and our customer interaction.  Henrik’s academic background, an exam MSc in Life Sciences at Royal Institute of Technology (KTH), he was recognized for determined work giving him a PhD-post. Where he performed quantifiable research on Nanostructured-surfaces for three years.
I am a CS graduate with specialization in Machine Learning with industrial experience on the same field.  I am passionate about Predictive modeling, Deep Learning, Reinforcement Learning, and Data analysis.   I love programming and solving challenging problems. I am proficient in ML frameworks like Tensorflow, Pytorch and Keras. I also have experience in working on projects using big data tools like Hadoop, Spark, Kafka and Cassandra.
Specialties: Mathematics, Numerical Analysis, Finite Element Analysis, Data Analysis, Statistics,
Data scientist actively looking to tackle problems that impact people's lives using data. With a passion for collaborating with people from different backgrounds. As a data professional, my aim is to deliver accurate and timely results to the relevant players in a clear and understandable way that enables decision-making. I am very motivated to explore new fields and applications and I am looking forward to work with a solid data science team.,
Data Scientist by way of Fisheries Biology. I enjoy creating tools which support open and reproducible science, designing beautiful and compelling data visualizations, communicating statistical findings to technical groups and the public, and as an education resource by supporting my colleagues growth.,
Do you think you or your company can benefit from the latest advances in data science/machine learning techniques? Are you interested in finding meaningful patterns from the data? Do you want to optimize your business objectives (such as marketing, sales, membership etc.) using the massive data you collect?    Drop me a message and hopefully we will be able to find the right answers and questions!,
Data scientist, with diversified background in electrical engineering, energy systems,  and economics.
Data Scientist with solid mathematics background and proficient coding skill.
Experiences on the software development area (+10 years). Assignment covers different roles in different area. Rich experience on Java development (Modern Java). Working on Machine Learning in NLP now and has big enthusiasm on data and data driven research and development.
Mathematician, mathematical statistician, data scientist. I prefer simple solutions that are easily put in production. I get a kick out of solving complex problems.,
In the over 13 years of working experience in the field of advanced analytics in tsmc and SAS, I have a track record of leading various customer project and multi-task assignment as engineer, implementation consultant, presales consultant, business analytics, project management and account SE to lead business successfully of the key customer.
I completed a PhD. in mathematical physics at the University of Canterbury in 2012. I subsequently spent three months building mathematical models and performing statistical analysis on data from ESA's Evisat satellite.  In September 2012, I joined the Systems Immunology Laboratory at the Immunology Frontier Research Center (IFReC) of Osaka University, Japan's foremost immunology research facility. My main focus was on the development of high throughput bioinformatics software in python. I developed tools that now are part of the core infrastructure of the lab including a high precision antibody sequence annotation tool and an antibody modelling algorithm.   From May 2017, I worked at the Karolinska Institutet, building analysis pipelines and software tools in Python. I used machine learning, mathematical modelling, and Bayesian techniques to create predictive frameworks from noisy data. My software is saving hundreds of hours of research time and yielding improvements in the accuracy of analysis.  I now work as a Data Scientist at Scania.  Key skills summary: * Supervised Machine Learning, Regression, SVM, Neural Networks. * Unsupervised Machine Learning, Principle Component Analysis, t-SNE, Clustering. * AI, Hyper Parameter Optimization, Optimization Algorithms. * Discrete Optimization, Genetic Algorithms. * High Performance Computing, Bash Scripting, Data Analysis
Data scientist with experience in big data, statistics, and machine learning | Frequent speaker at local science and technology outreach events | Passionate about explaining science to non-technical audiences |  Data and Statistics: 6+yr experience applying statistical methods to data: regression models, hypothesis testing and confidence intervals, Monte Carlo methods, algorithms, database querying and management Machine Learning: 3+yr experience training, validating, and implementing ML models: deep neural networks (convolutional, fully-connected, graph; 1D and 2D; classification and regression), random forests, dendrograms Programming: 6+yr experience programming: Python (scikit-learn, numpy, scipy, pandas, plotly)
I am a Data Scientist specializing in machine learning and deep learning and with many years of experience in machine learning and software development, working both in-house and as a consultant. I love to utilize cutting-edge developments from the world of artificial intelligence, combine it with solid statistical foundations, and bring concrete and measurable value to the business.  My professional experience includes: • Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) for image classification • LSTMs and other recurrent neural network for time-series modelling, anomaly detection and classification • Statistical validation and optimization of model performance, and quantification of business value • Predictive modelling using classical machine learning approaches such as gradient boosting, random forests, linear/logistic regression and more • Machine learning using billions of rows containing terabytes of data with Spark and Databricks • Data visualization of large amounts of data • Designing and implementing cloud architecture for deploying machine learning models • And more
Insights with R/Python/Google Analytics. Big Data and Advanced Machine Learning with TensorFlow on Google Cloud Platform. Image Classifiers. Recommendation Systems. Analytics Forum leader.,
I am a data scientist with nearly 10 years of experience in multi-disciplinary research. My core strengths are big-data analytics, machine and deep learning, computer vision, human activity recognition, medical image analytics, and remote sensing. After transitioning to the industry from academia this year,  my focus is on the interface of different technological areas for seamlessly integrated analysis applications.
Experienced and team-oriented data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the academia and the automotive industry. Skilled in several programming languages (e.g. Matlab, Python, Java).   PhD in Computer Engineering, with a strong background in mathematics and computer science: data, signal, and image analysis, autonomous driving vehicles, machine learning, intelligent virtual agents, citizen science, emotion and gesture recognition, etc.
I am a driven and energetic physical chemist with a lifelong passion for scientific discovery. I have strong computational skills in data analysis within the Clinical and toxicological science with more than two decades of experience in research and development. I like facing challenges and particularly enjoy working with a focused and creative team. I project lead with trust and high expectations. As a person I am positive, social, and a good communicator. I am confident and competent and I am delighted to interpret scientific data to communicate it to the public and experts. General expertise: Data Science, Machine Learning, Predictive Analytics, Visualization, Mathematical Modelling, Softwares: R, Fortran, Matlab, Feature Engineering, Workflows (KNIME, RapidMiner, etc.), Simca. As a Data Scientist
Cultivated with statistics and optimization background. 2+year RandD experience of semiconductor lithography process. 5+year experience in  statistical analysis, algorithm development, and solving real-world problems in an AI way. I learn things fast in diversified areas and propose solutions by leveraging in-depth domain knowledge with data science.   Professional Field: •	Statistics and Optimization •	Machine Learning / Deep Learning Algorithm Methodology •	Computer Vision •	Anomaly Detection •	Lithography Process / E-beam Metrology   Programming Language: •	Python / R / Matlab / C# / SAS / VBA / SQL
I am a data scientist at Sandvik Coromant, the world’s leading supplier of tools, tooling solutions and know-how to the metalworking industry. I have over twenty years of experience in industry and academia, ultimately gaining experience in research, development, and technology in a range of contexts and at a variety of levels.,samuelbohman
Experienced Data Scientist, Project Manager, Business Analyst and Team Leader with a demonstrated history of working in the Telecom, Information Technology and Publishing industry. Strong media and communication professional with excellent project management skills in IT, Content Strategy, Digital Publishing. Hands-on expertise in heading overall project activities right from the conceptualization stage to the execution and close-out. Specialized in Project Management, Client Servicing, Business Delivery, Training and Development, Cross-functional Coordination. Experience in creating Machine Learning models, data analysis and data visualization using various tools and technologies.  Hands on experience in Business Intelligence, Data Science, Data analytics /visualization, Big data Hadoop, Data warehousing/mining, Statistical Modeling, Machine Learning, ETL using SSIS
I am interested in data scientist / machine learning projects and collaborations. I have main experience in Python, R, Spark and hive/SQL.   I value collaboration and getting things done.   Work related - Developed and implemented live machine learning model for credit card fraud. - Produced, graphed and presented KPI and other project related metrics. - Worked with data pipelines, cleaning data and automating dataset generation and modelling.   Volunteer collaborative activities:  - Won Stockholm open data award 2017, collaboration with 3 other on the Stockholm garden project. - Mentor for ~10 international master students and twice tutor for ~50 freshmen students. - Coordinator of student play ~50 participants for an audience of 800. - Lead a team to the final in the Danish Venture Cup Idea competition (a startup competition).
Utilization of machine learning algorithms to identify high value users for promotion cost cuts. • Game clustering analysis for game design insights, product recommendation and cross-sell. • Estimation of user life time value using quantitative modeling. • Forecast and extraction of seasonality factor by means of time series analysis • Automate PPT reports using Python data pipeline AirFlow. • Perform ad-hoc statistical data analysis to answer the needs of internal stakeholers.,
Currently on a quest to become an ever better data scientist..  A master in machine learning from KTH in '16  was followed by an intense learning experience as a data scientist at fintech startup Dreams, acquainting myself with the AWS eco system (AWS Data Pipeline notably) as well as deep-diving in SQL. Attracted by the opportunity to get hands on experience of modeling data from different industries and with different techniques I turned to consulting and Forefront - a choice I have not regretted since. My assignments at Forefront started with a role as lead data scientist in the project “Next Generation Scheduling” at Odeon Cinemas in Stockholm (local branch SF bio). To be followed by a stint of 1,5 years as a consultant within NLP at Apple in Cork, Ireland.  To me data is a tool to learn about reality, and my passion for data science is driven by curiosity and a wish to understand the world around me. Other subjects of my curiosity are people, philosophy, language and music.,
data enthusiast with strong business, IT and Lean Six Sigma background solving a challenging business problem with analytical skills. Scientific and programming background. Self-motivated as well as a team player with local and global experience. Conveyer of complex ideas presented in a comprehensible way to a general audience. This is me. I have 15+ years of experience having completed my master’s in business administration in IT, Certified lean six sigma black belt, data scientist and PMP, expertise in delivering a data-driven approach to solve complex business challenges and creating business value. Simulation and modeling have always played a central role in my interests as well as professional life. I have played different roles in career from Developer to Engagement Manager. I have been programming commercially for a few years where I have acquired experience in the modern software development process.  Certified: Data Scientist, Six Sigma Black Belt, Data Ethics, Digital Transformation Strategy, Digital Business Model, PMP and SAFe Angilist  Skills:  •	Python (NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn, SciPy, sklearn
I am a data scientist with a background in computational physics and software engineering at the quality department of Scania CV AB. Here I work with e.g. workshop data, software logs and GPS positions, using machine learning and custom algorithms to provide decision support for management and create self service tools for large audiences. I work in close collaboration with stakeholders in most departments of Scania and with other brands in the VW group.  Before starting my current position as a data scientist, I completed my PhD in computational biophysics at Karolinska Institutet and worked as a software engineer team leader.  I am passionate about delving into new data sets and sharing the insights to as many as possible with automated production solutions.  I’m always interested in hearing from former colleagues, managers or friends, so feel free to contact me if you’d like to connect.
Data Scientist with a PhD in particle astrophysics.  I have extensive experience in mathematical modeling, statistics, and computer programming, which I have applied to a large body of problems in Big Data such as clustering analysis and classification problems.  I have developed novel machine learning applications to solve several problems.  I have over five years of leadership experience in scientific application development and scientific writing within international teams of cutting-edge researchers.
I've developed a keen sense of how to analyze huge time series data identifying and modeling the time-based dependencies and systems variations and obtaining accurate forecasting. My experience and deep knowledge on Advanced Statistics, Machine Learning, Deep  Learning and Data Visualization using programming languages such as Python, Matlab, SQL allows me to enjoy the glory of solving amazing and meaningful problems and to make predictions about systems behavior. I feel the need to find and understand the underlying patterns of all data spinning around me. I like the idea of being able to know the future,Ana_Caballero_H
I am a data scientist with a wide range of experiences and strong technical skills. Throughout my diverse background across industries and countries, I have gained a taste for challenges and adaptability skills. In my work experiences, I bring academic intuition, passion for Machine Learning and technical skills, creating innovative opportunities to turn available resources into smart insights.,
More than 15 years of professional experience in energy industry.  Specialties:  • Nordic power market • Power market pricing, including risk pricing and sales margin management • Power market forecasting • Data management • IT solutions • Business controlling • Market intelligence management
Data scientist at Scania CV, where I use statistical methods to predict warranty outcome, set contract prices, and support root-cause analysis. My previous academic interests are in the interface between biology, physics, and statistical computing. In particular, I specialize in large-scale inference and time series methods in single molecule and super-resolution microscopy data, and in membrane biophysics.,
Curious by nature and passionate about untangling complex problems.  As a data scientist I have an important role in developing forecasts for financial planning and balance sheet funding as well as various metrics that help support business decisions. As an analytical person I have often been asked to weigh in on and help define and design projects and through this I have gathered experience in working with a diverse group of stakeholders.  Knowledgeable in R and SQL and always eager to learn new skills and languages.
Data Scientist at King. Skilled in SQL, R, Python, Statistics, Machine learning and handling Big Data. I got my master degree in Data Science from KTH in Stockholm and TU/e in Eindhoven.,MazenAly,
Before working as a Senior Data Scientist, I was title as the Head of IT Governance of an IT Department at Santander Bank. My functions included monitoring the IT Planning and IT Budget, Project Portfolios, Project Pipeline, and the IT Service Level. To perform those functions, I used all the information available to perform different kinds of analysis, whose findings were communicated to the C-Level of the Organization. But at one moment, I realized that I was in a comfort zone and needed a challenge. Coincidentally I had the chance to move as a Project Manager to a newly created area, named Santander Data Science Garage, but once been there, I decided upon Data Science, knowing very quickly that this meant what I was looking for a long time and I  decided to specialize in that.  After several years working as a Senior Data Scientist,  now I feel so confident because I have had the opportunity of working in real problems in different kinds of industries, like Retail, Banking, Energy, and Government. During this time
I'm passionate about building things. I'm into product development, software engineering, analytics, data science and some other stuff, not necessarily in this order.
Senior Telecommunications Systems Engineer with 20 years of experience within the telecommunications business. Experience from working in multinational environments, both with telecommunication vendors, especially Ericsson, and with operators. Good team player and a quick learner.
I am a highly experienced life science data scientist and senior informatics specialist with proven domain capability. My knowledge areas of passion include data mining, machine learning, advanced visualization methods, text analytics and natural language processing. I am a global team player with well developed cultural awareness and communication skills. I am strategically thinking, planning for long term and acting proactively. I am successful in collaboration with external and internal partners. As a person I am curious with an open mind. I am enthusiastic and try to motivate others by being enthusiastic towards the task. Feedback from customers describe me as a service minded, helpful and creative problem solver delivering in a thorough, detailed and timely manner.
I have extensive experience in generating new and exciting ideas and turning them into concrete research concepts and insights. I enjoy acquiring new skills and am no stranger to learning a whole new field of application for data science. My passion lies with turning data into information and I thoroughly enjoy creating enthusiasm for data science both with colleagues and in an interdisciplinary setting.,
I'd like to call myself a user-centric Data Scientist. I hold a Master degree in Product-Service Innovation, a Bachelor degree in Computer Science and Computer Hardware Engineering and an engineering Nano-degree in Data Analytics. I am driven, ambitious and have a desire to look for a bigger picture. I have an analytical mindset, programming skills and systematic innovation approach to the problems of today's industries.   Keywords: #Data #Innovation #Python #SQL #MachineLearning,FarnazMotamed,
I am graduated with a Ph.D. in Solid and Structural Mechanics from Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden. My research activity in Ph.D. studies centered around:  (I)   System identification of structures using measured response data,  (II)  Estimation of the unknown properties of FE models based on measured vibration data,  (III) Efficient simulation of large FE model with spatially localized non-linearity,  (IV) Uncertainty quantification in the process of building predictive models for system behavior, and  (V)  Machine learning algorithms with application to automation of modal parameter estimation.    Before joining Chalmers, I headed a research group at Sharif University of Technology where I also earned my M. Sc. degree in Mechanical Engineering. Under my supervision, the team was involved in system identification and dynamic analysis of high-speed vessels.
My motto: Learn from the future! For my profile in Swedish,  My passion is to help companies become more profitable, get competitive advantages and give more value to their customers by becoming a data driven company; automating processes and decisions, using insights from machine learning algorithms, advanced analytics, and modern easy-to-use business intelligence tools for strategic and tactical decisions and enable direct responses to customer needs.  I love technology of the future and discovering how you can apply it to improve business. I am currently getting deeper skills in Exasol, Python Scikit-learn and Spark.  Solid experience from working in the intersection of IT and business, whereof 5 years in Business Intelligence. 6 years university studies (MSc Business)  and  10 years work experience in IT-management, IT project mgmt, business controlling and administration, business management, production management, as well as marketing management and HR responsibility, in which I have been doing market analysis, trends analysis, brand development, market development, Lean and quality management.  Specialist areas: Data Science and machine learning
I have been working on machine learning and statistical signal processing for different applications; I am currently working in the Telecom sector and looking into different problems where ML/AI can add a real value to the services and producst in Ericsson portfolio. I enjoy diving into details while keeping the big picture in mind and making connections between problems and solutions that seem apart from the beginning. And yes, I am the man with questions and comments! I do not miss my chances to ask my questions or give my comments no matter when or where. I am always interested to start discussions about basic research or product-oriented ideas, so please do not hesitate to get in contact with me if you want!  Currently I work for Ericsson, in Gothenburg, Sweden, as a specialist in machine learning and data science. I also work at Chalmers University of Technology as an adjunct Associate Professor. Before that I worked for Zenuity, on deep learning and data analysis for autonomous driving, and before that at Volvo Cars, Sweden, on big data analysis and machine learning, and before that I worked on machine learning for speech and image signal processing and estimation theory at KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Sweden, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA, and University of Oldenburg
Serving as data scientist at Power2U, working on an AI-based automated platform to control flexible energy consumption in residential buildings, by integrating energy technologies such as solar cells, EV chargers and batteries.  I did my PhD studies at the department of Electric Power and Energy Systems at KTH - Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden. I received my Licentiate degree from the department of Automatic Control at KTH, in 2016. I did my Bachelor and Master studies in Electrical Engineering and Control Field in 2009 and 2011, respectively at the Sharif University of Technology, Tehran, Iran.  My domain of expertise include: Data Analytic, Machine Learning, Energy Systems and Smart Distribution Electricity Grids, Distributed Control, Optimization, Cyber-Physical Systems.,
A dedicated person with a master’s degree in Engineering Physics. PhD in applied Computational Physics from Stockholm University. I want to bridge the gap between RandD and markets. I am always passionate for commercializing amazing technologies and products. With multidisciplinary academic backgrounds and few years of business experience, I have grasped strong skills in analysis, project management, business development and creative problem-solving.  I am a curious and result driven person with a growth mindset. I love to learn and to solve new problems through logical and creative thinking. For a long time, I have been interested in the power of technology, data analysis, visualization, RandD, and pedagogy. I believe this combination is the recipe for development and innovation.  Moreover, I also hold a master degree in experimental Laser Physics. Where I gained  experience in experimental quantum optics, spectroscopy, electronics and laser physics.  Specialities:  Innovation, Computational Physics, Research, analysis of differential equations, Numerical mathematics, Big data methods, FORTRAN
My research interest is in combining data-driven and knowledge-driven approaches to achieve Artificial Intelligence (AI). I believe for machines to ever replicate human-like ability to understand meaning from given context, we need to close the semantic gap, thus combining these two approaches!  -  Data-based approach encapsulates machine learning methods to analyse statistical correlations -  Knowledge-based or cognitive-model-based approach based on human's pre-determined knowledge models and conclusions drawn from it, famously enclosed in concept Semantic Web.,munir713_jawad
Trying to see the bigger picture.  Specialties: Semantic Web, data labs, Open Data, C, C++, Java, XML, XSLT, metadata, search engines, interface design, RDF, UNIX system administration, library specific knowledge (FRBR, MARC21, ...),geckomarma
Data scientist at Schibsted Products and Technology in Stockholm, Sweden.
Data science with understanding of finance and fintech sector. I believe in working for a cause, Machine learning, functional programming, big data and docker is what peak my interest. And I like doing my work on a linux machine. Always up for board games,
A software engineer with acquired skills, an insatiable intellectual curiosity, and the ability to mine hidden patterns located within large sets of structured, semi-structured and unstructured data. Having various domain knowledge and able to leverage a heavy dose of mathematics and applied statistics with visualization and a healthy sense of exploration.  #Predictive Analytics #AI #Machine Learning,
Ayant étudié le Génie Informatique (spécialisé dans la science des données) à l'Université de Technologie de Compiègne et à l'université de Linköping, je suis friand de nouvelles technologies, mais également très curieux dans une grande variété de domaines. C'est la raison pour laquelle j'adore découvrir et apprendre de nouvelles choses, et avoir l'occasion de mettre en pratique mes connaissances m'apparaît toujours comme un accomplissement.
Hej! Passionate about Mechanical Engineering and AI, I left my lead engineer position in Paris to start an exciting journey in Gothenburg, Scandinavian hub of great companies embracing the fourth industrial revolution. So many challenges ahead ;)
Yu is currently working at aetherAI and developing applications based on machine learning algorithms in medical fields. aetherAI is a software company that aim to integrates machine learning algorithms with various platforms such as cloud-based pathology platform, workstation and embedding solutions to support physicians with the most challenging diagnosis/qualitative problems or daily routines.   Before joining aetherAI, he worked at Taiwan Artificial Intelligence Academia as a senior data scientist. He led the lecture team and organized courses road-map for data science and deep learning programs. He also led the project team for consultation services for 10+ academia/enterprise partners. Several representative partners includes top enterprises and government institutions in Taiwan, such as CommonWealth Magazine, Eastern Broadcasting Shopping, Formosa Petrochemical Cooperation, and Centers of Disease Control.   Prior to joining Taiwan Artificial Intelligence Academia, he worked at Academia Sinica - Data Insight Research Lab (DIRL) under Prof. Sheng-Wei (Kuan-Ta) Chen. Sean led the team “Project THETA” and successfully developed and implemented AI solutions for several manufacturers, including Chang Chun Group, Advantech, and Unimicron. Before engaging deep learning projects, he also managed annual data analysis projects in the lab with Books.tw, Sunfun, and Easycard.   Sean got his M.S. of Psychology at National Taiwan University and B.S. of Psychology at National Cheng Kung University. He was a member of Visual Neuroscience Lab (VNL) and focus on basic research in neuroscience, especially in visual neuroscience and neuroimaging analysis.
I am an analyst who learns very quickly and is able to apply the knowledge in real world scenarios.  My objective is reaching a position where I can fully apply my skills while helping companies grow.  Specialties: Data Analysis, Forecasting, Visualization, User Segmentation, Growth Analysis,
Interested in developing intelligent data-driven solutions to real-world problems. Data scientist with 11 years of research experience in theoretical particle physics. Demonstrated skills in analytical and numerical modeling of data, machine learning, statistics, public speaking, and technical writing.,
Data Scientist and scientific advisor with a Master´s degree and 10 years of professional experience, five of them as researcher and coordinator of a scientific project. Deep knowledge with machine learning, predictive models, as well as text analysis with R and Python.,
Working mainly with Machine learning and analysis within the automotive industry. Strong focus on business development. Experiences from both technical and business focused positions.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology, research and development and services industry. Skilled in Statistical Data Analysis (with R and Python), Statistical Modeling, Machine Learning, Communication, and Public Speaking. Strong data-analytics professional with a Master's degree focused in Statistics from Stockholm University.,
Data Scientist, with experience in the gaming sector. I am currently a data scientist at Epidemic Sound where I am trying to understand music tastes.  I have a passion for machine learning and I am an avid learner of associated topics. I have just started my journey in deep learning and I am extremely excited at the possibilities of these global function approximators.  My future goal include improving my software engineer skills in order to have both the analytical skills to analyze a business problem, but also the technical skills to interact directly with the product. Fluent in Chinese, English and 
Data scientist and psychologist, building probabilistic applications in Python and R,
I am a theoretical physicist who transitioned into data science. I have experience in academic research, scientific project management, data science solution design and conceptual design. I have strong analytical and problem-solving skills, a comprehensive background in quantum and mathematical physics, numerical analysis and mathematical modelling.  I am interested in machine learning, creative AI, art-science projects and smart cities. I enjoy working in interdisciplinary environments, teaching and collaborating with others. A good organizer and speaker.  I am passionate about creating things.,
I am a senior data scientist at Telia Company with focus on network planning for the Nordic and the Baltic countries.   I have a PhD in computer science and have been a researcher in academia for ten years in the area of algorithms and data structures. I have over twenty publications and have lectured several courses at undergraduate and graduate level with outstanding student feedback.  I have been interested in computers and programming since I was around ten years old and have been working as a system developer.  I always dig deep into problems and have the ability to see the small details. When I immerse myself into a topic I want to obtain as much understanding as possible. This is perhaps why I always find room for improvements and being able to come up with new ideas in order to move forward.,
My specialties include: -Experienced in Supervised and Unsupervised Machine Learning Methods (Classification, Linear/Nonlinear Regression) -Experienced in Spatial Data Analysis -Skilled in Statistical Modeling and Data Mining Techniques -Experienced in Feature Selection Methods such as PCA, Stepwise algorithm, Anova -Diligent, Flexible, Self-motivated, Enthusiastic to explore and experience  -Good interpersonal, communication and writing skills  Programming Skills:  Python | R | SQL | GIS | Matlab,
I am an experienced Bioinformatician who has been working on data analysing in healthcare and life science domain for over 6 years. Big data analyses, data management and machine learning are my biggest enthusiasm.  Recently, I received my doctoral degree in Medical Science, where I had been exploring genetic signatures from high throughput sequencing data and discovering the associations between big data and population patterns. My exposure to academic training developed my scientific mindset, skills of efficient communication as well as capability to handle complex tasks.  Previously, I worked as a bioinformatic engineer for KindStar Global. My role was to establish and maintain a bioinformatic pipeline for analysing clinical data. The most exciting part of this job was to provide the patients with diagnostic help using their genetic data.  Out of work, I loving jogging, writing and playing video games. I used to write down all the dreams that I could remember or draw them as sketches. Recently, I start to become interested in fitness boxing.
I am an enthusiastic data scientist with more than 10 years of practical and academical experience in Computer Science. I have deepened in areas such as Artificial Intelligence, Knowledge Modeling, Machine Learning, Statistics and Time Series Data Mining. I am passionate about solving real-life problems and extracting valuable information from data using cutting-edge software technologies.,
8+ years of demonstrated ability in designing and developing pioneer AI solutions with image analytics, computer vision, and machine learning. - 5+ years of experience in computer vision on embedded/real-time systems with C/C++. - 3+ years of developing the robotic system and won awards at international robot competitions. - Proficiency in Python, Docker, Shell Script, Makefile for building AI in web applications with GPUs. - Experienced in deep learning techniques on computer vision with Keras/Tensorflow and OpenCV.  - Effective team player, perceptive communicator, adaptive learner, innovative researcher.
Experienced Data Scientist. Strong engineering and creative professional.,
Experienced Postdoctoral Researcher with a PhD from University of Gothenburg, with a demonstrated history of working in empirical and quantitative methods in economics and social science. Skilled in R, Python, Spark, Stata, Econometrics, Statistics, and Machine Learning algorithms.
Enjoying Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Machine Learning, Neural Network,
I love to make things work faster! When I start a job, the first thing I do is find out what I can automate to save my company time and money. By developing scripts in Python and MATLAB, I saved over 50% in work hours for our team!  When I’m not looking for new efficiencies, you’ll usually find me analyzing data and creating statistical models. Once we have the information we need, I figure out different ways to best present the data so that every person can understand. Big Data and analytics is even more critical these days, so the more people can understand the numbers, the better!  Technically, I have a Masters Degree in Nanoelectronics and I now have an IBM Data Science Professional Certificate, which allowed me to dive even deeper into the world of Cloud Computing, SQL, and Machine Learning. These are exciting times we live in, I hope to connect and talk data analysis with you soon!,ig_Serrano
A driven and motivated data scientist, I strive to unveil actionable insights and deliver them in a cohesive story. My background is in e-commerce and social products. I love Python, BigQuery, scikit-learn and pandas. I also use internal tools for batch data jobs, including Luigi.,EmHoughKovacs
Enabling product to evolve in the right direction using data in creative ways.,FStojanovski1
I am a PhD educated computer scientist with over 10 years' experience in machine learning and computer vision. My machine learning specialties are active learning, deep learning, multiple kernel learning, multiple task learning, weakly supervised learning and structured prediction. The computer vision problems I have worked on include boundary detection, human activity analysis, image classification, object detection and tracking, and semantic segmentation. During the past several years, I have been developing deep learning frameworks for digital pathology and medical imaging applications.   I mainly program in C/C++, Python and OpenCV in Linux, and use Keras/TensorFlow and PyTorch for deep learning.
A driven scientist and passionate programmer with diverse research experience in theoretical physics, biomolecular dynamics, and computational neuroscience, I am highly trained in mathematical and computational modelling and data analysis. Beyond statistical and mathematical modelling I'm interested in programming languages and algorithm design, and I draw inspiration from elegant code. I am ambitious and goal-oriented, a quick learner and always keen to broaden my knowledge. I love to Get Things Done in a strong team, creating successful stories and discovering beautiful insights. My colleagues often describe me as a helpful co-worker and critical analyst with a knack for creative lateral thinking.  After several years of training in the scientific method I am looking for new opportunities and challenges in Data Science. I am looking to extend a dynamic cross-functional team with my diverse background to push forward Advanced Analytics and Machine Intelligence. I strive to quickly enrich my Deep Learning skillset to excel as Senior Data Scientist by solving complex real-world problems, using data for a positive impact on society and the environment.
My passion is in the area of applying machine learning algorithms to solve real world problems. Prior to NVIDIA, I am a machine learning engineer at Foxconn, took the lead of the analytical team, developed various kinds of predictive modeling projects centered around manufacturing processes, including defect inspection and predictive maintenance, etc. During Ph.D. program, I worked as a visiting scholar at Los Alamos National Laboratory's Bio Science Team for 2 years, working on Human and Environmental Microbiome Projects.,kliangliu
Experienced Research Scientist with 8 years of experience in Environmental Sciences, Ecotoxicology and Marine Ecology. Skilled in data analysis, statistics, programming (Python, R and SQL), data visualisation, reporting techniques and project management. With good communication proficiency and work experience in cross-functional teams in multiple European countries. I thrive in a challenging workplace where teamwork, creative and curious people make it a continuous learning environment.,
Data Analyst - always looking for ambitious and difficult analytical problems to solve.  Specialties: Data analysis, statistical modelling, research and development, numerical programming: Python, JAVA,  VBA. Data analysis: SQL, SPSS Data Miner, Statistica Data Miner, Hadoop, Google BigQuery
Driven and dedicated data scientist and software engineer (M.Sc.) with experience from both the public and private sectors. Soft spot for functional programming (especially Haskell), machine learning and compiler construction.  Have had an interest in programming since childhood when I started with Pascal at 12 years of age, and went on to C ++ at age 16.  The present main expertise lies in C++, Python and Swift. With a Masters in computer science I have a well-founded understanding of advanced algorithms and also practical experience in machine learning.  Perceived as a positive and responsible person with good communication skills.,daniel_oberg
During my career, I had the opportunity to work on very interesting projects for some great companies. I have tackled a wide range of problems in different sectors: from smart grids to robotics. I have also combined my engineering skills in robotics with research in predictive control, statistics and machine learning at the Technical University of Denmark. This has given me the exceptional opportunity to connect my engineering experience with exciting new computational techniques for machine learning.,mottiden
Caner has a ~10-years of industrial experience. Currently, Caner serves as a Senior Data Scientist as part of data-driven AI projects at Ericsson AI Lab in Stockholm. Caner’s achievements can be briefly listed as follows: received Wallenberg Award 2019, co-inventor of 30 patent applications, and co-author of two Wiley books as well as 15 academic publications (academic conference papers and peer-reviewed journals) and last but not least the best master thesis award 2012.
I have 11+ years of IT experience out of which 3 years of experience as a Data Scientist and 9 years of experience as a Data Architect. I am a Redbook author, Certified Cloud Computing Application Developer (IBM and AWS), Certified Watson Application developer and have hands on experience building custom AI (Artificial Intelligence) applications and have interest and practical knowledge in self-driving car technology. I am a quick learner and was chosen as Top Talent for the years 2009, 2010, 2012, 2013, 2014 2015, 2016 and 2017.,
6 years experience using machine learning  and statistical methodologies to investigate useful insights from data and presenting insights with visualizations.,
Algorithm developer and researcher in data analysis, statistical sensor fusion, and mathematical modelling with socio-technical perspective in research and development; - Broad background in the area of computer science and engineering  - Target oriented -Strong communication, presentation and writing skills,
I am a passionate and dedicated analytical engineer who loves challenges in machine learning, statistical methods and big data.,
I am a curious Data Scientist with a background in materials science and machine learning. What excites me the most about working in data science is the ability to create great value from seemingly unstructured mess. Deriving valuable insights by combining disperse data with well-crafted business hypotheses is a process that leaves me with great satisfaction.  My career mission is to develop data-driven solutions that improves tomorrow’s industries and markets.  Areas that I have worked in as a Data Scientist: •	Steel process engineering - creating machine learning and data analysis solutions for an electric arc furnace •	Talent acquisition •	Consumer credit modeling
I am a driven person who loves stochastic modeling and data engineering. I love to learn and constantly seek new information  in different areas to improve both my understanding of the world and ability in problem solving.,
We live in an age where data is abundant, where we have sophisticated methods for detecting patterns in data at our disposal and where ethical concern and regulation is emerging for what we do with data. In my role as a data scientist, I navigate these intricate fields and compromise between what is possible and what is necessary in order to create business value.  - Machine learning in Python (Pandas, numpy, scikit-learn, etc.) - Cloud architect (Docker, DevOps, getting things up and running) - Flexible (I adapt to people and circumstances) 
I am an analytical and strongly motivated professional with a diligent attitude. Skilled in identifying project needs and developing creative solutions to complex systems. Specialized in analyzing and visualizing data (images) from modern medical devices to instruments used in space science. Proficient collaborator capable of working in both independent and group settings. Firm understanding of the following devices, methods and practices:  •	Artificial Neural Networks • Natural Language Processing • Recommender systems • Image generating instruments	 •	3D data visualization •	multi-criteria optimization modeling 	 •	programming  Competence:    Analytical: Computer vision and Machine learning and Dynamical programming in MatLab, Computational Methods for Stochastic Differential Equations and Monte Carlo, Revenue Management concepts, Innovation.   Technical: Artificial Neural Networks of arbitrary architecture, Google TensorFlow and functional API, Keras, R, Dask, Microsoft Office, Adobe Photoshop, LaTex (document preparation system), Python, Matlab and Fortran Programming Languages, MayaVi Data Visualize, Linux, Windows
I am specializing in the Data Science area with Advanced Analytics, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning. Working in a super engaged team with exciting uses cases from all over the bank.  I have worked with Data Warehouse / Database / T-SQL development for 15+ years. Developing Business Intelligence and Data Warehouse solutions on Microsoft SQL Server 2012 / 2014 / 2016 (including SSIS, SSAS, and SSRS).   I have also worked with Agile development and leading Scrum teams for 10+ years.  My main interests are in the Data Scientist and Database Development area:   * Advanced Analytics (Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Mathematical Statistics) * Artificial Intelligence (Facial Recognition, Voice Recognition, appliances with IoT) * Business Intelligence (Data Warehouse / Dimensional Modelling, ETL, Analytics, and Data Mining) * Database Modelling and Optimization  I am keen on learning new technologies, and I love to share my ideas and knowledge to my friends and colleagues.
I have a background in mathematical statistics and I am convinced that analytical tools and methodology can help you to understand and get more out of your data.
I am an enthusiastic person who has plenty of experience in modeling and simulation of various physical systems. I manage my workflow well always keeping the deadlines and achieving or exceeding targets. I usually work within small teams of closely collaborating colleagues. As a team player I understand the importance of working together in order to move a project forward. I posses excellent communication skills developed during my working career. I greatly enjoy new challenges stimulating my intellectual capabilities as they present new learning opportunities. I pay attention to details while having a clear overview of tasks for which I am responsible.
Highly motivated and skilled professional with over 10 years of international experience in business and SAP consulting, data analysis, business intelligence, project management, customer relationship management and business process improvements.  I have a wide project experience from various industries, such as Consumer Goods, Financial and Legal Services, Insurance, Automotive, Publishing and Telecommunication.    In the recent years, I have been tightly working with the areas of functional and technical SAP consulting and integration, as well as business process and change management.   Specialties: * DATA ANALYSIS *	Data Analysis and Business Analysis −	Methods and Tools for Data Processes and Analysis −	Machine Learning and Statistical Modeling −	Python, Pandas, SQL, NoSQL, R, Scilab, Excel
Helping business to unlock and exploit data to fuel digital reinvention by turning Data into Insight -  using Python, R, SQL, machine learning and statistics. Insights that empower business decisions and drive business growth.   I am a data scientist and team lead with a demonstrated history of providing insight from complex data in industries ranging from automotive to finance. I love the creative process of finding patterns in data and the challenge of turning loosely defined ideas into concrete deliverables.    One of my biggest passion is photography. Photography and data science are so similar and yet no one would ever connect them. Software development as being purely logical type of activity, also requires some creativity, preparation and the attention to the details – the same can be said about photography.  Changing one part of the code, can render it useless. Changing a tiny part of a photo, can ruin the emotion and the story behind the photo. By re-shooting a subject, our understanding of the object increases. The same can be said regarding retraining a data model.    Globe-trotter -  Photographer - Community Builder - Data Sorcerer   
Senior Data Scientist at Swedbank in the Analytics and AI team, developing customer intelligence.   Previously, Data Scientist at Ericsson Business Area Network, with proven experience in algorithm development and design for machine learning and recommenders systems. Amirpasha has published more than 25 journal and conference papers, and got 150+ citations.  He has also extensive experience in research, simulation, and standardization with 4G (LTE)/5G (NR). He received his PhD, in Telecommunications, from KTH Royal Institute of Technology in 2014, and held a post-doctoral research position at Uppsala University from 2014 to 2016 prior to joining Ericsson Research in Stockholm in 2016.  His interests span machine learning, optimization, recommender systems, data analysis, statistical data and signal processing, optimization, coding and wireless communications.,
Data science professional, passionate about everything data-related and making advanced analytics look easy to non-technical audiences.  Big advocate of data democratization.
I am a data scientist with a diverse scientific and technical background. The one common thread connecting all of my professional endeavors is my love of data and programming. Data analysis, modelling of complex systems, and developing software for dealing with data is what I enjoy doing most. My main areas of expertise include computational modeling, machine learning, and software development.
Experienced data scientist and mathematical modeler with extensive and diverse experience in designing and implementing machine learning and simulation models in different types of industrial and academic environments that include health care, epidemiology, supply chains, and manufacturing
Data ( Analyst | Engineer | Scientist ) and Economist,thorei
Finely tuned applied mathematician with skills in machine learning, robotics, and automation.,
Data Science enthusiast , speciality in Information Retrieval,  Machine Learning, Deep Learning
Data science enthusiast skilled in Machine learning, Social network Analysis,  Big Data, Statistical Data analysis / visualisation, and Data automation / integration.    - Working Experience with Python , Java, R, and C - Experience with High Performance Computing, MPI libraries - Experience with Hadoop Ecosystem (MapReduce, HDFS, Hive, Pig, Mahout) - Experience with BigData analytics over AWS - French, B1 Level,
I’m a curious, open minded and very driven person who is truly passionate about both people and technology. I really enjoy being the one who inspires people and support them in creating result they are proud of. I’m also very interested in technology, especially cameras.  My colleagues find me easy to work with and I like creating the informal networks that are needed to reach desired goals.  I have several years of experience in consumer electronics development in an international environment. I have worked as a people manager, building great teams and I have had different roles such as analyst, business developer and project manager.,
I am a data scientist currently working with A/B testing across millions of users and developing products for automating analytics. I have been fascinated by machine learning techniques for several years, having implemented models in production using neural networks to build speech recognition systems and deepening my knowledge through online courses. More generally, I continually look for ways to  grow my skills and am passionate about promoting tech development around me or using visualisation libraries to bring data and analysis to life.  My background is in physics, initially completing a masters at the University of Cambridge, then applying my skills to modelling reservoirs and fluids for optimising oil production. I later worked with a quantified self startup, combining data from large numbers of sources to provide personalised insights to the user base. Inspired by the growth of data science, I undertook further study completing a co-designed open source program which is detailed on this interactive website:  Additionally to tech, I have a keen interest in languages, having been raised trilingual and enjoying practising two more to different levels of fluency, as well as exploring the outdoors, most recently by cycle touring.,datajourney
Innovative data mining professional with more than six years of experience poised to bring talent and vision to an organization that values hard work, dedication, and results. Specialist in extracting key information from the intersection of artificial intelligence, machine learning, statistics, and databases. Proven track record of successful performance in the biomedical field and the semiconductor industry. Demonstrated leadership in managing cross-department and cross-company project teams.  Award-winning innovator, problem-solver, and owner of patents in two countries.  , Data Mining, Machine Learning, Data Visualizing , Forcasting, Classification, Ensemble Modeling , Lithogrophy Defect Inspection, Categorization and Root Cause Study , Lithography Process Characterization, Process Window Qualification , Project Leading and Managing , Matlab, C#, VBA , Open to relocating overseas (sponsorship needed),
Speciality: Optimizing businesses through Data Science, Machine Learning and mathematical optimization.   Strategic and impact-driven data science consultant and advisor with a strong entrepreneurial mindset.  • Strong end to end experience of Data Science projects, working from problem definition and ideation to actionable insights or/and operationalised models.  • Strategic advisory related to Analytics capability buildup  Broad industry experience working with different analytical problems in Finance, Insurance, Telco, Waste management, Retail, FMCG etc within functions such as CRM, Risk, RandD, Sales, Pricing, logistics, operations etc.
Life is about passion.   Great interest in Big Data Analytics, Machine Learning and Data Visualization.,
Data scientist with a strong technical background and sharp business acumen. Experience in statistics, machine learning, and research. Passionate about using data science for solving problems and generate business value. • PhD in computer science, double masters in finance and management. • Strong communication, interpersonal, presentation, and leadership skills. • Exemplary problem-solving skills, able to identify problems and find innovative solutions.
I’m a Data Scientist at Fortum, one of Europe's major energy providers. My professional interests include: * Machine learning and AI * Python and R hacking  * Predictive maintenance * Decision analysis * Personal productivity  I have a PhD in Engineering Science and a Master degree in Engineering from Uppsala University.  Feel free to contact me! I’d very much like to keep in touch with former colleagues, managers, or people who share my interests.,
Experienced Python developer and Machine Learning enthusiast and a master student at Chalmers in Nanotechnology. My bachelor degree is Electrical Engineering with courses in statistics, electronics, and signal processing.
Currently, I am working on data analytics and model development in the supply chain and logistics area using various machine learning algorithms ranging from simple regression and classification methods to deep neural networks. I have an engineering background. I switched to solid states physics in PhD. I have very strong model development skills, very strong programming skills as well as strong problem solving skills with a strong analytical mindset. I have a curious mind and alway ask why. Therefore, I always prepare myself to learn new knowledge including new tools and new concepts and theories of different subjects. I am prepared to be able to deal with multidisciplinary problems and like to deliver solutions in a different way.,
Hi There!  Data scientist with strong math background and 10+ years of experience collecting, analyzing and interpreting large datasets, developing machine learning algorithms, and performing data management tasks, to drive successful business solutions. Highly skilled in machine learning, signal processing, applied statistics, problem-solving, data visualization, and creative thinking.  Main skills: - Machine learning - Deep learning - Tensorflow  - Python  - Neural Networks: CNN, RNN, LSTM + - Team leader - Creative - Decision Maker   Areas of Expertise:  Data Science, Machine Learning, Big data, Deep Learning, Data Analysis, Artificial Intelligence
I'm a Data Scientist with focus on creating end-to-end solutions. I am experienced in building operationalized Machine Learning/AI platforms from scratch in order to increase business value for your company.
Data Science professional with around 5 years of experience in Analytics Solution Development that involved Predictive Modeling, Time Series Forecasting, Classification, Segmentation etc. using machine learning techniques such as Artificial Neural Network, SVM, Tree Based Algorithms, K-means clustering etc. Expertise in R and Python and have been involved in various phases of solution development cycle like analysis, work flow design, coding, testing and deployment. Currently part of Advance Analytics Team at Adage AB, and driving the project solely from data science front.  Areas of interest: - Data science, Advanced analytics - Artificial Neural Networks - Convolutional Neural Networks - Predictive Modelling - Decision Trees, Random Forest - Time Series Analysis - R Programming - R - Shiny - Python Programming,
Creative, pro-active, efficient and team player, an experienced data scientist with passion for development of data driven solutions based on advanced analytical methods. With a solid mathematical and analytical background in the field of data analysis and hands on experience with implementation of data analysis and machine learning algorithms in Python, I am equipped with the right tool-set to generate value from the big data available from various businesses. I am able to translate the business objectives to actionable analyses, communicate the results to the various levels of stakeholders and finally translate the analyses results to business and product recommendations which result in securing empirical value for the stakeholders. Being an experienced professional user of  big data platforms and cloud technologies enables me to be able to support the projects from data acquisition to model deployment and scoring in the production environments.
Gothenburg, Västra Götaland County, Sweden,It's important to understand the person behind the customer and convey it to the people who will act on the information.  The aim is to guide and help companies to capitalize on the internal information that is available in combination with external data and information. Operationalize the CXM/CRM information so it will be used in daily operations. Increase the efficiency of decision-making, marketing campaigns, customer lifecycle, retention and reduce costs.   With focus on:  Designing and creating an analytical multi source survey and data platform that •	Combines and merge different types of sales, surveys, invoice, subscriptions, services and usage data •	Creating segmentations and views for different parts of the organisation •	Values and attitudes segmentations •	Present and potential value •	Product portfolio segmentations •	Cross sell and up-sell segmentations •	Usage patterns •	Churn segmentations  •	Brand •	Media and campaign segmentations •	Telemarketing, Email and direct mail campaigns •	Retail and Online stores  •	WEB •	Operationalize surveys so that they can be used and re-used for everyday work •	Strategically •	Tactically •	Operationally  Reports and profiles using big and wide data engines' in combination with AI, Azure, PowerBI and Excel to create •	Customer groups with attitudes, values, life situation and interests •	Product and service portfolio  •	Cross-sell and up-sell potentiality •	Retention and churn prevention •	Purchasing power and potential purchasing power •	Media profiles for target campaigns •	Campaign analysis with hit rate, ROI
AI is my job, my passion, my life and my VR. I believe in what I am doing as it is my own business. I am not only passionate about extracting the intrinsic story of data out but also being in front-end and making it interesting for users.
I'm a senior data scientist at Ericsson and also a postdoctoral researcher at the software testing laboratory at Mälardalen University. I hold a Ph.D.in Software Engineering from Mälardalen University since 2018. My doctoral thesis entitled Multi-Criteria Optimization of System Integration Testing   is named one of the best new Software Integration Testing books by BookAuthority.  My research focuses on artificial intelligence (AI), advanced methods for testing complex software-intensive systems and designing decision support systems (DSS).   Specialties: 1.	Artificial Intelligence 2.	Machine Learning 3.	Data Mining 4.	Software Testing  5.     Decision Support System (DSS) 6.	Optimization,sahartahvili,
I'm passionate about becoming the Zlatan of data science, the Paco Nathan of football and to build the first real-time interplanet mobile broadband service.,stikoson
More than a decade experience of working in research in an industrial setting. Profound expertise in computational and medicinal chemistry (direct project support in drug discovery) as well as toxicology and safety assessment (supporting global safety strategies).  Project lead: Coordinating the Development of an IT platform  Specialties: Experienced in project work and international cooperations with experimental and theoretical groups from academia and research institutes.  Head of global (i.e. company wide) business reference groups for in-house developed and licensed systems: Contribute to strategic decisions with the aim of influencing future system enhancements and aligning them to business needs.  Skills: familiar with state-of-the-art ETL tools, DB admin tools, BI tools; programming in R
Yuyi is a curious achievement-driven professional who always strive for efficient and creative solutions to problems. With a broad international background, he is easy adaptable into any work and team environment.    He is quick to grasp new ideas even under significant pressure and has a huge interest in advance analytics, web development and other disciplines within data analytics.   Feel free to contact Yuyi !,
Open minded and motivated engineering Student at ENPC in Applied Mathematics and Computer Science. Attached to team sports values' I am driven by my curiosity and my desire to learn and share with my fellow team members. Looking for a 6 months internship in NLP - Deep Learning starting end of February 2020
Mainly working on big data and applied data analysis with some skills of frontend and backend web development. Now he is a junior engineer chasing the dream swinging back and forth between imagination and implementation.  Milestone:  - 2016: the Champion of Microsoft's Imagine Cup in Taiwan - 2017: the Speaker for Taiwan DSConf and MOPCON - 2018: the Winner Team of Presidential Hackathon 
Analytical person who enjoys to explore the data from all angles. I got my first computer at the age of 5 and have been programming since.  My current objective is to learn logic programming languages.,
“One single unifying equation that explains everything in the universe. “ from movie “The Theory of Everything, 2014” which is what I believe. Also what I am doing currently . Not only working as a Database administrator, also working as a data scientist. I read milestone mathematics thesis for knowledge of machine learning, deep learning. I learn python for implementation . Always trying to find a single but powerful equation or model to explain, to predict the phenomenon surrounding.
An Engineer with specialization in Data analysis, Process Automation, Decision support systems, Applied artificial intelligence, Machine learning, Software Defined Storage and Business Development.   Currently, exploring my passion in Data Science and Cloud technologies. Have previous experience of working with data storage infrastructures in the big data industry for 3 years.   I love new challenges and to handle contemporary technologies, so please feel free to say hi and share your thoughts.,
I hold a PhD in Mathematics from Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden with experiences in Data Science, Machine Learning and Programming. My competences are listed below:   - Solid background in Mathematics and Statistics.   - Programming experience:  Python, MATLAB, SQL.   - Python libraries experience: NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib,  Seaborn, SciPy, Scikit-Learn, Keras, TensorFlow.  - Data Science skills: Data Analytics, Data Cleaning, Data Mining, Data Visualization, Databases, Big Data, Synthetic Data
A driven individual currently a new graduate from the University of Toronto and starts a career in data science. With strong analytical and communication skills, I active team leadership by managing projects, channelizing efforts and thrive to excel in all that I do.   Key tech skills: • Programming language: Python, R, SQL, SAS • Machine Learning Technique: SVM, Random Forest, Boosting, XGboost, NLP, deep learning • Analytical Technique: Regression, Classification modeling, Text modeling, Clustering
Lead data scientist developing and implementing Machine Learning algorithms that reduce energy consumption in buildings.
Ingénieur des Mines dynamique et motivé, je me suis spécialisé en analyse de données avant de devenir un Data Scientist passionné. J'aime apporter des réponses à mes collègues et trouver de la valeur à exploiter. Mon objectif est de toujours en apprendre plus et de perfectionner mes compétences en apprentissage artificiel.,
With a PhD in theoretical chemistry I have pivoted to the field of cheminformatics and modelling. Applying quantum chemistry, statistical analysis and machine learning methods to chemical data in the context of pharmaceutical science.
Andreas Svedin (PhD) is a data scientist with extensive training in analytic problem solving with expertise in chaos theory, data assimilation, solar cycle variation and prediction. He has held a range of leadership position since early age and has always had a keen interested in organizational development, strategic initiatives and innovation. He has received a range of award including a Fulbright grant in 2007. He holds a Ph.D. in Astronomy from Columbia University.  “What I like most is to work with people on the biggest challenges they face, where the impact of a breakthrough is the most significant, when innovation requires the alignment of people/culture, business/organization and analytics/IT.“  Scientific specialties: Solar cycle prediction, Nonlinear modeling, Nonlinear analysis of time-series, Data assimilation, Data Science, Nonlinear prediction. Parameter estimation, Feature engineering/selection, Applied Epistemology, Phenomenological modeling.,
As a data scientist at Klarna, I’m responsible for building new credit models, using tools and technologies like Python, Scikit, AWS, SageMaker, Redshift. Since we are increasingly automate our workflow, my work also involves building new data science pipelines using Python and AWS (SageMaker, Step Functions, Batch, Glue, ..).
An optimist with international education, striving to create a positive impact for a sustainable future.Passionate in deriving value from data, use data driven tools to solve problems and create a pragmatic approach that allow organizations to be effective at achieving their objectives and create new possibilities. With background in Electrical,Energy and Data Science, I have an unchanging affinity towards data driven solutions and electric mobility, pushing me to discover new horizons.,
I’m an experienced data scientist with a broad knowledge of the data science field. Skilled in R and python, I manage anything from data processing to machine learning and statistical modeling. I enjoy though problems and projects where I can take ownership and show commitment and passion.
Experienced Data Scientist with extensive knowledge of Analytics, Mathematical modelling and Machine learning. Strong knowledge in freemium app economics and supply chain optimisation.,
Curious and energetic. Loves data-driven decision-making, predictive maintenace, behavior-driven software development, marathon running, cinnamon buns, and Oxford commas.  I am passionate about extracting valuable insights from data and to bridge the gap between data and business. I believe that Artificial Intelligence needs hands-on real world knowledge to be efficient - and I aim to combine the best of both worlds.  
Data Scientist at Sana Labs | Harvard graduate in Applied Math and Data Science | Interested in how technology and data can be used to inform business and policy decisions,
A full stack data scientist/ business analyst.  Focus on data analysis, business analysis, data science project management, machine learning and deep learning. I have various data analysis experience between different industries including finance, media and manufacturing. My mission is helping company to optimizing business process, reducing the cost, creating more profit and automating workflows.,
Specialties: #Python, #Scikit-learn, #Pandas, #R, #SQL, #Kubernetes, #Docker and more.,
Data Scientist with the Media Machine Learning team at Schibsted Media Group.,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. Skilled in Data management. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Science (M.Sc.) focused in Information and Communication Engineering Technologies from Lunds tekniska 
Curiosity and passion drives me the most. In 2014, I have graduated from the University College Dublin (Ireland) with a Masters in Software Engineering. Recently, I finished another Masters in Distributed Systems and Data Mining at KTH Royal Institute, Stockholm (Sweden) in a dual degree program with the Technical University of Eindhoven (Netherlands).   Having lived in four countries and two continents, I can confidently say that I bring a diverse set of knowledge and culture to the team/organization I work with. I am passionate about working with large amounts of data. I believe that data is the new fuel to our AI driven world at the moment. Glad to be a part of it.  In my freetime, 
Data Scientist with a passion for continuous learning and application of topics like Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Probability and Statistics  One of the most exciting things for me is to bring business value by using data
3 years of data science experience in e-commerce and retail fields. - Experience with machine learning / NLP model serving including recommendation system, sentiment detection, propensity modeling, product categorization/clustering. - Competence with Python, SQL, and R, performing projects on large datasets on cloud platforms and Spark. - Collaboration cross-functionally with engineers, designers, and PMs to implement scalable solutions in a production environment.,
As a PhD in mathematics, I struggled with a lot of abstract ideas that developed my analytical skills. The need to apply, utilize and compose these different ideas artistically to generate scientific papers reveals a strong ability to treat complex problems and digging into details. Furthermore, being responsible and coordinator to many courses and projects at University level developed my communication skills in addition to deductive and logical oriented minded toward corporation with colleagues.
Engineer, data scientist and geek. My background is in physics, nanotechnologies and high performance computing. I ventured into the field of computational biology before stepping into more general purpose data science, applied in various contexts.    --- My speciality: Do by learning! 
I love doing the the latest thing out there. I excel at bootstrapping projects from nothing to MVP in record time.  I fix the tech part of the What do we do now ? that comes after  ***that amazing idea***.   I have programming/hacking experience on more or less everything from TI83+ calculators and Arduinos to super-computers, Hadoop clusters and GPUs.   My hobby time is shared between various projects in home automation (as weird as repurposing vacuum cleaners to bring beer to the sofa), keeping a nearly 50 years old boat afloat (and re-fitting it with Raspberry Pis) and whatever pseudo-scientific fun toy I can come across.  And yes, I did build a Tesla coil in another epoch ;)  Because I strongly believe that tiny differences early on lead to widely diverging outcomes,  I am more than happy to give tech-tips and coach early stage start-ups over lunch or coffee, or even simply advise young talents with high potential seeking for a career path!,
I am passionate about learning from data using mathematics - eg statistical and machine learning tools. I have worked with data in many different settings: researchanddevelopment, car mobility, healthcare data, imaging data, online digital video consumption and ad-tech.    M.Sc in Engineering physics, Ph. Lic in Databases for Brain Image Research.  I have worked with Matlab more than 15 years in different fields and have now converted to Python. Also proficient in R. Experience with C/C++, Java and Javascript.   - Currently at Volvo Car Mobility  - Working with digital health and lifestyle at Lifesum 2016-2018  - Between 2015 and 2016 working at TV4 as data scientist  - In 2014 working as project manager for a concept study (XQuality) on improving radiological care at Karolinska University Hospital involving continuous improvement, radiation exposure monitoring and decision support for eligibility of radiological procedures.  - In 2013 development of image quality analysis for radiation therapy for imageowl.com  - 2011-2014 analyzing quality assurance data for MRI, CT and radiation therapy equipment for imageowl.com  - Anatomical MR Image processing pipeline development for research on ageing in the brain at Icelandic Heart Association (2005-2011)  - Functional brain image research during Ph.D studies (Royal Institute of Technology/Karolinska Institute)
I am a Data Scientist with a strong interest in machine learning at scale and software development. With practical experience from a variety of programming languages and technical platforms, I find it easy to adapt to new environments and take up new challenges.    I am driven, ambitious and goal-oriented. I enjoy interacting with people and have excellent communication skills.
Currently working as a Data Scientist at Ekkono Solutions.  I am broadly interested in energy efficiency for machine learning, and especially in optimizing data stream mining algorithms for real-time prediction under resource-constrained environments.
As an analyst at heart, I love to understand things and find joy in solving problems and thrives in the creative process of building and improving systems. I have a high level of commitment and likes seeing things through. Efficiency, sustainability and waste reduction are often part of my goals.   I am positive and friendly, pragmatic and love to share knowledge and collaborate, with a serious mind and an anything is possible attitude. I am reliable and humble and always keep the team’s best in mind.  Through my curious nature comes an extremely wide knowledge of different areas as software, technology, science, finance, electronics, cars, metalworking, construction and psychology, with a deep expertise for my professional areas. Naturally quick and eager to learn, I identify and pick up knowledge that is useful to drive the current project forward.  I believe in Free Open Source Software, active on github and bitbucket and push for the use of alternative customized OS'es in computers, phones, cars and everyday household products. I follow and encourage frontlines in disruptive technology such as Internet of Things
Experienced in working with both structured and unstructured data. I use my technical and analytical skills to find meaningsful insight from massive datasets and implement Machine learning, Deep learning and Statistics for predictive modelling and offer solutions to business problems.  Specialized in -  1. Anomaly detection 2. Image processing 3. Computer vision 4. Neural network modeling 5. Time Series modeling 6. Spatial Temporal data - GPS 7. Acoustic modeling 8. Data management 9. Linear, non linear and tree based modeling 10. IOT  1 Publication in IEEE Datacom 1 technical paper inside Micron Technology.  - 𝗣𝗿𝗼𝗴𝗿𝗮𝗺𝗺𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗟𝗮𝗻𝗴𝘂𝗮𝗴𝗲𝘀 𝗮𝗻𝗱 𝘁𝗼𝗼𝗹𝘀: Python, R, SQL, CSS, HTML.  - 𝗗𝗮𝘁𝗮 𝗦𝗰𝗶𝗲𝗻𝗰𝗲: Data Importing, Data Cleaning, Data Manipulation, Data Analytics, Data Visualization.  - 𝗠𝗮𝗰𝗵𝗶𝗻𝗲 𝗟𝗲𝗮𝗿𝗻𝗶𝗻𝗴: Linear classifiers (Logistic Regression, Linear SVM) , Non Linear classifiers (Decision Tree, Random Forest, Non Linear SVM, KNN)
Machine Learning, Python, Docker,
I am an active and engaged master's student passionate about developing sustainable technologies, focused around ML and AI, for autonomous robotic systems.  I envision a world where robots are an inclusive part of our society and assist us in our day to day tasks. I believe the amalgamation of Artificial Intelligence and Robotics will be able to bring about the same.  Skilled in ROS, TensorFlow, PyTorch, Python, Matlab, C++ and Embedded C,
Data Scientist with a PhD in Computational Drug Design. During my PhD, I mainly used data analysis and computational methods in early drug development.  Passionate about technology and innovation.,
Extensive hands-on experience on statistical machine learning and deep learning into different subjects (transportation, physics, biology, architecture, chemistry, production system)  1. Statistical and deep machine learning tools (Keras, TensorFlow, Scikit-Learn)  2. Natural language processing (Webscaping, Spacy, NLTK, Gensim, embedding, NER, LSTM)  3. Computer vision (CNN, open3d, point cloud library)  4. Deep understanding how to start and lead a project from scratch and validate the results  5. Programming skills in various languages (Matlab
Inherently curious and energized by large challenges • Ability to work autonomously in the completion of deliverables • Ability to explain Analytics in non-technical terms to business users (C-level) • Research-to-Implementation Mindset: ability to spearhead a project from idea to experimentation to prototype to implementation •  Genuine interest in be updated with the state of the art techniques and tools for data science and machine learning •  Knowledge and experience with open source technologies,
Pragmatic Problem Solver | Dreaming to make this World better place with the Power of Data Science, in spite of Vibranium!,veereshelango
Yamur Al-Douri is a PhD in applying AI and ML for life cycle cost analysis from Lulea University of Technology, Sweden. He is a Data Scientist at Ericsson AB, Sweden and a co founder of DataFusion AB, Sweden. He is over than ten years experience in the AI and ML fields. His goal is to apply AI in different industrial areas to show the AI advantages. The advantages are minimizing product risks and costs with increasing the industrial system productivity. He applied different algorithms to consider the mentioned advantages in different levels data clustering, time series forecasting and in optimizing.,yamurkahtan,
Data Science Consultant with finance background, business oriented mindset and leadership skills.,AnnaNKazakova,
I am a person who thrives in situations that brings out my nerdy tech side and applies them to real world problems. My experience of working within IT with both business and development roles allows me to speak the language of both sides, it puts me in an ideal position of being an excellent data scientist.,
Provide consultancies across departments within the company, which span from engineering, finance and business. The focal point of my work is to translate high-level business questions into small actionable pieces, gather relevant data and KPI to tease out solutions, i.e. data driven decision making. Note that, I am fully capable of making complex statistical models, but I take great pride and satisfaction if my works get implemented in actual business use. I have ample experiences both in technical and business domains. I am a big believer in Occam's Razor principle.,
PhD candidate research on machine learning and deep learning models, computer vision algorithms, data analytics, and robot control system in human-robot collaboration context.   Key skills: machine learning/ deep learning models design, computer vision system, multimodal fusion, robotics and human-robot collaboration,
Experienced Data Scientist and BI developer, with a demonstrated history of working in the engineering , Banking, Retail, Real estate and IOT industry. Skilled in Machine learning, Business Intelligence, Business understanding, product development.
Experienced Senior Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the automotive industry. Skilled in Python, Stream Processing, MLOps/Engineering, Kubernetes, Innovation Development, and Management.,LeonardAukea
I am an experienced data scientist working on improving product quality and engineering productivity at Spotify. I create tools to simplify works and processes for my peers, test hypothesis of varies conditions, and communicate key findings to stakeholders.  I did PhD research in system neuroscience on decision-making mechanisms within the brain.,xinming_neuro,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the Pharma, Oil and Gas, Manufacturing, Telecom industry. Skilled in R Programming, Python, SQL Database, Statistical Data Analysis, Machine Learning and Deep Learning. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Computer Science from Anna University.,
PhD in Automatic Control with focus on Bayesian inference for nonlinear models using particle methods and Markov chain Monte Carlo. This work lead to the development of an open source software framework, pyParticleEst, written in Python.  Background in software development for embedded system and working with low-level software such as Linux device drivers.
Experienced Project Manager of Innovation and Data Science. Strong operations professional with a Master’s Degree focused in Business and Management from Stockholm School of Economics.
I have earned two MSc degrees, the first in theoretical physics, Stockholm University, and the second in engineering physics with specialisation in applied mathematics and statistics, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, in Stockholm.   My interests in the area of artificial intelligence are: deep learning, machine learning, reinforcement learning and data science. I am also interested in the theory and implementation of efficient algorithms,  modern programming languages and new technologies.
Data scientist with demonstrated experience identifying business opportunities through data.   Strong drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.,
Statistician by training with demonstrated skills in research and software development. I'm the author of the R packages scanstatistics and irregulAR1 (see GitHub account below), and my portfolio also includes an AI for playing Blackjack, written in Python.
Specialties: Computer Vision, Multiscale Analysis, Feature Extraction, Pattern Recognition, Machine Learning, Data Mining, Industrial Statistics
I have been working and studying in the fields of Data Science, BI and analytics for over 10 years. I have been involved in the entire lifecycle - planning, modelling, A/B testing, data warehousing, automation, data mining, and reporting. I am am a firm believer in the importance of data-driven development and decision making.  I have used many Data Warehouse, BI, and Big Data solutions such as Hadoop, BigQuery, Microsoft S SQL Server, QlikView, Looker and more. In coding my primary tools are SQL, Python, and Jupyter Notebooks.  Games I have worked on are EVE Online (PC), Dust 514 (PS3)
Experienced Data Scientist with a history of working in the pharmaceutical and healthcare industry. Strong engineering skills in computer science, machine learning, statistics, R, python and project leading.,
I have a deep knowledge in both software development and machine learning, including Java, Scala, Python, databases like MySQL and Hadoop with related frameworks like Hive, Scalding, Spark and Crunch. Have more than 15 years’ experience in development, software architecture, technical project management and product owning. Has been a part of all project phases, from pilot studies to delivery and support. I am analytic, loyal, a fast learner and mathematical by nature.  Specialities: Java, Scala, Python, Hadoop, Artificial Intelligence, Recommendation Systems,  Machine Learning and general database technique.
Data Scientist at PriceRunner  After gaining experience in various fields and with multiple analytics and Data Science applications I transitioned into the e-commerce market, and am now working on how to optimise online marketplaces using Data Science, Machine Learning and Analytics.   With hands-on experience working with Terabytes of data to derive insights and build models, I am always open to learn new technologies and challenging myself to keep developing and growing.,
I am an enthusiastic data scientist currently working on several Raman instruments within Agilent. I am heavily involved in the development of new instrumentation, including ensuring that the new instrumentation meets with pharma regulations. I also have a small customer facing role in troubleshooting difficult measurments taken in the field.   I code mainly in R but also utilise LabView and Matlab in my projects. I have 10 years experience in coding and instrumentation from the start of my PhD and have published 20 peer reviewed articles in scientific journals.   I'm adept at communicating complex concepts to varied audiences and working to deadlines. During my time in academia I gained significant experience in project management including administrating my own research budget for my fellowship project.,supercharv,
I get my inspiration from solving challenging problems, by learning new things and most of all by creating real value from data. My colleagues would describe me as a creative, problem solving, social nerd that gets things done and makes stuff work. I have an entrepreneurial spirit that I make use of in my work. I enjoy being part of business critical discussions and presenting my work to whomever is interested. At the same time I enjoy digging deep into the details of projects. I get a kick from taking a project from start to finish. I have in my previous positions acted as a coach and mentor. To me it is important to share the knowledge I have and help others grow in their roles.
Passionate about applying quantitative, technical, and domain knowledge to optimize business performance and build better products.,RyanCMcCabe
Hello there! I am a professional with STEM background education and specialisation in data science, automation AI and privacy-preserving technologies.   I have extensive experience designing and prototyping end-to-end data-analytics solutions with modern machine learning technologies and frameworks with applications such as behavioral prediction and personalisation, anomaly detection, recommender systems, forecasting or synthetic data-generation.  As a leader, I try to apply the principles of servant leadership to ensure the continued growth, development and success of those I am tasked to mentor and coach.  My interests lie particularly in near real-time large-scale data stream processing systems, autonomous driving, MLops and AIops, explainable AI, visual perception, security and privacy-preserving machine learning driven protocols and data governance policies.,wileeam
I am an accounting Economist specialised in taxrelated subjects and I also hold a PhD in Science. From My prevoius positions I have gained broad experience of relationship building, start-ups, management and entrepreneurship. Using these skills, I have successfully started both businesses and industrial networks.,
A consulting Data Scientist with strong business acumen who believes in a long term business value built on resource development and clear goal definitions.  I do the following: - Data Analytics - AI and Machine Learning - Explainable AI - Data Strategy - Data Reporting  Delivered data solutions are meant to be validated and strongly connected to the business domain where it will bring value to the users. Such solutions are best achieved through iterative processes, domain expertise and a team that tackle the challenge from not one, but multiple angles.  Google Cloud Certified Data Engineer as 
Experienced Data Scientist with end to end ML pipeline deployment applied to real-time business predictions.,
I’m passionate about career support and professional development for graduate students and postdoctoral researchers. These activities help to bring a transparency to academia and can make a big difference in the mental health and stress level of students and researchers.   Comfortable in both social and technical situations, I like to meet new people and learn new things. A natural leader, I create inclusive communities (including one of the most popular Meetup groups in Stockholm) and sometimes try to make the world a more just and equal place. Particularly skilled at synthesizing information and teaching it to diverse audiences.  My newest initiative : the Jobs Outside Academia seminar series at AlbaNova. Do you have a PhD (physics/astronomy/meteorology/mathematics) and a non-academic job? I'd like to talk to you!
I deliver value with analytics. I am a highly motivated self-starter, continuous learner, pragmatic results-oriented individual with enthusiasm to take initiatives, embrace challenges and work effectively.  By combining skills within statistics, programming, and analytics, I will derive meaning where many are simply overwhelmed by the data. Through effective communication of findings, I will be able to assist businesses in realizing hidden revenue streams and business efficiencies.  Keywords:   SAS  R Programming Excel VBA Analyst Analysis Analytics Data scientist  Data science  Exploratory Data Analysis  Regression Models  Statistical Inference  Predictive modeling  Programming  SQL  Banking Data  C#  Data Visualization  ggplot2 Database C#.NET VB.NET Data Mining AML  AFC FRAUD  KYC
I am a curious, enthusiastic, and data driven engineer with an intuitive understanding of applied  engineering and analytics. In my role as senior test engineer I support not only production line in Stockholm, Berlin, China, and USA. Also, customers (colleagues) from a wide variety of industries and academic fields. I always start my work by analyzing unstructured and structured data, this drive me smarter and efficient in my engineering work. My specialties include e.g. automatic test system design and scale up production (both software and hardware); product, yield and design improvement by big data analysis; production, test system and Golden device track and monitoring.   In my opinion, Machine Learning, Big Data, and Cloud Computing to solve customer and production problems is becoming a reality and I want to be part of this technology. With this vision, in the future, I wish to work in an inspiring, multicultural and innovative company where I have possibilities to make a difference using my expertise and passion.,
I like jobs where I can use both my technical and social skills. I have a broad background in embedded systems, where I have worked with both software and hardware development. Do you need a new person in your team or company with a broad technical competence I am the right person to contact. Maybe you are not really sure what to do, let me help you to understand that.   Sensors, decision algoritms and AI. Do you need help to understand and design systems with and around them. I have a broad knowledge also in this field. Especially in healthcare and patient self-care setting  I am a good listener and like suggesting new ways of solving old problems. I also like planning, organizational development and personal development.,
With a solid mathematical and analytical background in the data science field, I always have a passion for developing data-driven solutions. Hands-on experience of development of data science model, I can generate business values and connect the dots from the massive business database. I am a creative, delivery-focused and dedicated team player. I am also a natural problem solver and an effective communicator.
Passionate problem solver with analytical skills. Scientific and programming background. Self motivated as well as a team player with local and global experience. Conveyer of complex ideas presented in a comprehensible way to a general audience. This is me. I have always been interested in mathematics and the possibility to use mathematical applications within various fields. For this reason I chose to study physics at university, and after obtaining my B.Sc. degree, I pursued a Ph.D. in theoretical physics. Simulation and modeling has always played a central role in my interests as well as professional life. Further I have large experience from economical modeling, both from university courses in mathematics and statistics and professional activities. As far as software and IT is concerned, I have been programming commercially for a few years where I have acquired experience in the modern software development process. During my time as a researcher, I was an appreciated lecturer, I was the first to present a three dimensional model for a specific interaction between atoms, I worked on applications of materials science within geology, electronics and medicine which rendered me prices and awards.  Specialties: mathematical modelling, MATLAB, C++,Python, Text Analysis, Machine Learning,BengtHolm,
Data Scientist with a research and prototyping background.  Throughout my work career, I've spent a great deal of time bridging the gap between the industry and academia. This means I'm structured, methodical and scientifically rigorous in my approach, but also flexible and fast-paced when necessary. As I'm well-versed in statistical analysis, especially applied and robust statistics, I usually find solace in crunching data, coming up with meaningful conclusions which I base my decisions upon. I'm an effective communicator, confident in my ability to share knowledge using clear examples in an easy-to-understand manner, which brings me great joy once it touches people.  Ultimately, all of this brought me to one of my greatest career achievements so far in the field of social network analysis within Data Science - my PhD degree, which I've obtained in 4.5 years among the top 9% at the University of Zagreb, at the most prestigious faculty in the region. The creative, artistic side of me meets my technical, analytical side in the honors and awards mentioned below.   Outside of work I spend time playing guitar and producing pop-rock music, so feel free to look me up on YouTube and have a listen.,
I am big on Bayesian stats
I'm an enthusiastic when it comes to data science, statistics and technology.  - 6+ years of experience in data science - MSc in Statistics and BSc in Applied and Computational Mathematics - 30+ certified online courses and 2 specializations Tools: Python, R, SQL, AWS (SageMaker, RedShift, Lambda), SAS (Guide, DI, Miner)  github.com/lucasbruscato
Enthusiastic and driven Data Management and Analysis Specialist with 10 years experience in solving business problems using advanced analytics techniques. Proven project management capabilities in developing countries with exceptional communication and analytical thinking skills. Strong supporter of Results-oriented monitoring approaches and known-how of impact evaluation techniques.,
Passionate in Data Science \ Data Mining \​ Machine Learning \ Statistics • Deep knowledge of Machine Learning, Data Mining, Statistics, Probability, Mathematics • Excellent computational and programming skills (R, SQL, Python) • Strong education: MSc in Statistics and Data Mining, MSc in Mathematics, PhD in Finance • Broad research, academic and industrial experience
I am a Master student at the University of Southern California majoring in Computer Science. Under the supervision of Dr. Nanyun Peng, I have been working on two NLP research projects, event extraction in the biomedical domains and event temporal reasoning in the clinical domains with specific focus on knowledge graph incorporation and graph neural networks.  Meanwhile, I am the Co-founder and CTO at Rosetta.ai with 3+ year experience working on Machine Learning/ data-driven projects. At Rosetta.ai, I am in charge of building the core recommender system that serves millions of active users as well as leading the data team to conduct data analysis for our clients.  I am also an active Kaggler, winning multiple competitions in various domains, including Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, Data Mining, and etc. Thus, I have been awarded the Kaggle Competitions Master title, a testimony for my ability to build predictive models and formulate Machine Learning problems.  In addition, I am one of the writers of Towards Data Science on Medium who occasionally post articles regarding Data Science and Machine Learning
I hold a 2-years masters degree specializing in Artificial Intelligence and Machine learning from KU Leuven and France, with lots of AI projects under my belt. I did two master projects in different labs (France, Belgium) and my master thesis at Volvo Group Trucks, Sweden. I have experience in: Deep learning (CNN,Transfer learning), Reinforcement learning (RL), Computer Vision, Scikit-Learn, Numpy, Pandas, Tensorflow, Matplotlib, MATLAB DL and RL toolbox. Python, MATLAB, Simulink, GT-SUITE, R,Json, MongoDB
Data Scientist with interest in AI, machine learning, healthcare and security processes.   As a data scientist, I have a strong background in: Data gathering, data manipulation, and data visualization. Machine learning such as Natural language processing, object identification, forecasting, and prediction.   I have experience with Agile development in groups and with solitary research in labs. I also have experience in the Telecom industry; recording and analyzing data and penetration testing on networks using tools in a Linux environment.   Previous projects: Published Research paper from Uppsala University Faculty of Medicine, Department of Neuroscience:
Current focus lies with driving business value through data analytics. Love working with bridging the gap between business and tech, and with helping companies make better informed business decisions.
Data science professional with 4 years of experience, working cross-functionally with teams to furnish impactful business solutions. Highly skilled in Python, R with data wrangling and modeling process. Implement statistical and quantitative models, NLP, stochastic process, machine learning and deep learning algorithm to deal with big data. Looking for a position to solve challenging problems in a creative and effective manner.
PhD physicist with experience of working at CERN with accelerator technology and data analysis, then startup co-founder, I have been growing Detectify data-driven culture, infrastructure and analytics since 2015 and I am currently leading a team of data scientists and engineers.
When playing a role as a technician, I am a proactive self-learner with endless curiosity. While as a team member, I am supportive, have great passion in cross-function co-work and interesting in issue analysis and problem solving. In addition, my creative thinking and profound skill in applying latest technology often help team come up with better solutions.  I enjoy implementing information technology to help ease daily tasks or improve efficiency. I believe with the innovation in technology we can free people from repetitive routine tasks so that we could dedicate our talent on more creative works.,
I am a Data Scientist and Machine Learning Engineer with leadership experience and a long history of working with data driven software. I am an expert in Python, Scala and Apache Spark, with deep theoretical knowledge of machine learning algorithms and a Master's degree in Computer Science from Lund University.,
Taoyuan County, Taiwan,, Adaptive to rapidly changing goal-oriented research objectives as a solution delivery specialist with data exploration. , Adept at failure prediction, interpretation and generalization, and resource integration, coordination and allocation. , Coordinate, integrate and ensure resources’ availability to meet project’s objectives, requirements and schedule.,
Data science specialist B2B; turning data into business impact.
I am a Senior Data Scientist at AstraZeneca using my advanced problem solving skills to design data modelling processes to create machine learning algorithms, predictive models and perform custom analysis.  Previously I was a Data Scientist and AI consultant at Knowit, using my analysis and programming skills to develop a deeper understanding of customer-based data. I used supervised and unsupervised machine learning methods including pattern recognition, data clustering in Python. Additionally I taught Tableau (data visualisation) at GU and became a Snowflake Associate Architect. Further, I was chairwoman of Inspirit, women’s network to develop and inspire women in technology.  My astrophysics research during my PhD and postdoc was on recently-discovered luminous, high-redshift galaxies and their environments. I was instrumental in finding their overdense environments. I was project manager on several telescope proposals, collaborating world-wide with NASA’s WISE mission and took charge in developing the science and technical case for the proposal. I would travel to remote destinations (Hawaii, Chile) and make time critical decisions at the telescope.  Using quantitative data analysis, logical problem solving, programming in Python to reduce and analysis data.  I am the lead author on several publications and telescope proposals, I have presented my work at numerous international conferences. I also have outreach experience during BBC’s Stargazing Live, telescope tours and presenting to MP’s at the House of Common.,
I am a scientific programmer at Swedish meteorological  hydrological institute (SMHI). I have a strong background in the mathematical and numerical modelling of the geophysical fluids. I am highly skilled in creating tools and packages for the data analysis and the number crunching task.  To this end,  the strong emphasis is given to the performance and readability of my tools and I use the native languages C,C++ to achieve this goal.
Expert data scientist carrying out different kinds of ML experiments at Google.
I have a strong interest in creating solutions using technology and making contributions to the society. I highly-skilled in programming and have some experiences in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Data Engineering, Robotics, Internet of Things, and Web Technology. I used to build things with microcontrollers and electronics components in my spare time. Right now I am pursuing my master's degree in Machine Learning Program at KTH Royal Institute of Technology (Stockholm, Sweden). I have received a scholarship from KTH and SAAB to support my master's degree. Besides my activities as a student, I am also working as a freelance full-stack developer and have created several web apps from the projects that I have taken.
I am an experienced Business Intelligence developer with an expertise in SQL and SSIS. In my projects I have had both the architect and developer role, with experience in building data warehouses according to both the Kimball Dimensional model and the Data Vault model.  My true passion is within data science and machine learning. I want to build upon my experience with handling data, to creating extra business value from analyzing and gaining new insights from the data.  I thrive in a challenging environment and never hesitate on learning new skills and techniques.,
As an experienced analytics professional with 4 years of working experience and solid education in statistics and analytics, Leona is interested in using analytics to provide data-driven solutions.   Specialties: Machine Learning, Predictive Modeling, Business Analytics, Data Visualization, Data Mining, Text Mining, Data management, and project management.  Skills: • Tools: SQL, R, Python, Hadoop, PIG, Hive, SAS (Certified Advanced Programmer), Tableau, PowerBI, Spotfire
Data scientist who is passionate about solving real-world problems and cutting-edge technologies are currently building applications for practice with machine learning and deep learning algorithms, with numerical and probabilistic analysis experience in various engineering fields.,
David is an experienced data scientist and analytic consultant. He has served companies in Greater China and Southeast Asia on a range of data science topics, particularly in customer lifecycle management, experience personalization, and new product innovation. He has experiences that have spanned sectors including internet, consumer electronics, commercial banking, retail, restaurant, media, and public.  Besides professional work, David is also passionate about data science education. He has launched two of the most popular online data science courses in Taiwan with over 1400 paid students. David also offered data science bootcamps for private companies and universities in Taiwan.   David graduated with a BS in Quantitative Finance from National Tsing Hua University and an MS in Statistics from National Taiwan University. He will start his PhD study in Quantitative Marketing at Harvard Business School.,
My academic background is in Computer Science and working experience as System Administrator especially in Microsoft Server Environment. Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, Clustering are some of my primary foundations. As a Data Science student, i am well familiar with data analysis tools like R and Python. Scala is also my talent in big data programming with spark. I am eager to learn other programming languages which i made self learn like Java, C++, PHP, C#.,
Passion for equity investing, data science and disruptive technologies. I discover investment insights by utilizing non- traditional (“alternative”) data sources, utilizing Python, SQL, Spark, Tableau etc.
I'm currently enrolled in a Data Science MSc and in an Erasmus+ Programme in Computer and System Sciences at Stockholm University.  Technical skills - big data analysis and visualization, machine learning and deep learning, NLP and text mining;  Managerial skills - business intelligence, IT service management, information systems.  2 years of experience gained in Management and IT fields;  Bachelor's Degree in Economics and Management. I am also a singer/songwriter, pianist and producer: links to my original music can be found on my profile and resume.
Aaron Hung is a Data Planner and Analyst at Line Financial TW. For building up overall internet-only bank at the beginning stage, Mr. Hung acts the role who is responsible for business and data analysis requirement with the domain in data analytic and banking expertise to support business innovation and operation.Mr. Hung has 2 years banking knowledge in data solution from the data scientist role at Taishin Bank BI team.  Prior to joining Taishin, Mr.Hung was a EY Advisory PI consulant, who was responsible for solution design in data analytic across multiple industries.   Mr. Hung also has one year experience at IBM, working as a business analyst to assess as-is business and IT processes, as well as information system design for promoting organization transformation.,
Π-type personnel with rich bioinformatics, data analysis, agile development and interdisciplinary skills. I like teamwork. I prefer to deal with problems from the perspective of different stakeholders and find a win-win solution.
A resourceful problem-solver with solid academic background and strong analytical skills.  A senior at National Chiao Tung University studying Information Management and Finance, with one-year Study abroad in Germany studying Business Informatics at University of Mannheim (2018.08-2019.06).
Experienced data scientist specialised in healthcare, causal reasoning and AI ethics, with experience from several projects - among which a national healthcare project involving large registry data. Expertise in causal reasoning, machine learning, statistics, SQL, R and predictive modeling. Humble in personality, systematic, analytical and rational.  My long term career goal is to positively affect society. That is why my biggest professional and personal interests lie in ethical AI, climate crisis/sustainability, healthcare and pro-bono projects, as well as other projects aimed at positive societal change.,
Lead data scientist with 13 years of experience in applied machine learning, predictive modeling and statistics in interdisciplinary settings. With a highly analytical mindset I enjoy identifying and creating solutions to diverse and challenging data science problems.   I am driven, ambitious and curios. I also enjoy interacting with people and am inspired by working in teams. Having worked extensively with collaborators of mixed professional backgrounds I am trained in communicating advanced technical solutions to non-technical audiences.   I enjoy facilitating DS team members and business stakeholders to deliver high value solutions. I am also keen on continuous learning and keeping up to date with the latest technologies and methodologies.,
Experienced big data engineer and data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Python, Scala, Machine Learning, Tensorflow, Natural Language Processing and Data Engineering.,
Data scientist with a solid knowledge of Math and Physics  - Software developer for (big) data processing and analysis - Experienced in analysis of time series and geo-spatial data  - Using machine learning techniques for extracting business value from data - Hands-on experience in Oil and Gas, Solar Energy and Automotive industries,
I don't crunch numbers - I crush them. I am passionate about projects where large sets of data are mined and enriched into understandable actions, business intelligence and value using data science. I like project coordination, data science, machine learning and predictive analysis - and always take pride in presenting my findings in a pedagogic way. Currently, I work mainly with Spark, SQL, Python, R, Tableau and Excel in an agile environment.
Coder, data scientist and data engineer.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the semiconductors industry. Skilled in Data Analysis,Data Modeling, Python, Pyspark and R.
Senior consultant specialized in strategic competence development and people analytics. I do my work mostly in projects and usually have the role to design the project, find resources and lead the project to delivery. During this process I work with available master data and when there are no datasets I create data collection processes, digital or manual in order to be able to tell a story through the visualisation of the data.  Most of my work is done in various parts of the Swedish government bodies, universities and technically focused export companies in Sweden, Europe and Japan.  I have work with training since the early 1990ies and have a solid background in upskilling large target groups to the new competence level.  Specialties:Data story telling, People analytics, E-learning training of large target groups,nils_carlberg,
PhD in Physics. A curious data scientist with a passion for digging in data and finding the best business solutions for customer needs with a big interest in data storytelling. Experienced in both building data pipelines in Azure and creating production ready machine learning models. Have collaborated in teams consisting of engineers, developers, solution architects, and business stakeholders.  Studies have been done all over Sweden with a master in space technology taking place in Luleå and Kiruna and the PhD took place in Uppsala. The M. Sc was done at NASA Ames in California.,
Skilled in Mathematical modeling, optimization and operation research.,
Enthusiastic about Big data:  1. Cognitive computing to find pattern 2. Machine learning 3. Descriptive, predictive and prescriptive analytics 4. Visualisation of Big data. 5. Stream analytics   At the heart of deriving insight from data is the ability to view the data through a quantitative lens. There are textures, patterns, dimensions, and correlations in data that can be expressed numerically, and discovering inference from data becomes a brain teaser of mathematical techniques. Solutions to many business problems often involve building analytic models that are deeply grounded in the hard math theory, and being able to understand how models work is as important as knowing the process to build them.,
Strong belief in the power of knowledge sharing and data science.,
I work on the machine learning behind marketing and lead generation at SEB. I’m passionate about applied data science with a strong focus on business value.  Previously I worked as a Data Scientist in tech startups in San Francisco and as a Quant in mutual funds in Europe.  We’re hiring!
I am an optimistic and driven person, thriving when learning new things and enthusiastic to face new challenges. A strong background in physics, mathematics and computing gives a good base to work in modelling, simulations and data analysis. My interest is not only in the scientific and technical analysis but in its communication and visualisation.
A data science and machine learning specialist with both computer science and financial background and around 4yr+ working experience in the financial industry. How to solve the problems and improve the products by those new approaches is what I am focusing and interested to do.
Experienced analytics manager and data science professional with a demonstrated history of delivering actionable insights in fast paced data driven industries. Holds a strong track record of using disruptive technologies and creative solutions to support data-led decision making. Skilled in the fields of Advanced Analytics, Agile Development and Project Management. Strong communicator who is able to translate and adapt communication to fit different stakeholder groups including technical and non-technical audiences. Solid research professional with a MSc. in Industrial Engineering and Management.
Data science enthusiast,  actively looking for an opportunity for interesting and challenging opportunities in data science.,
Meeting, working and sharing experiences with interesting people is what keeps me motivated.  New technologies, Data Mining and Leadership is the most fun things to be engage in. Working abroad, leading groups, both analytically and strategically is experiences I see myself having in the future.   Motto: Don't wish for it, Work for it Passion for: Exponential Thinking, Moving Forward, Gadgets, Data Mining, Leadership, Knowledge, Problem Solving, Creativity, Collaboration,
Data engineer / data scientist. Process high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources to highlight patterns, anomalies, relationships and trends to describe, predict and optimize desired analytical objectives for business stakeholders. 20 years total experience spanning four countries, approximately 10 years in C++ and 10 years in data analysis. Led teams, interviewed and hired staff, developed training/certification programs and mentored junior developers.
I have worked for 10 years with research and education within AI, machine learning and software engineering, in many domains and in collaboration with companies and other universities. I am passionate about solving problems and creating things.  I am a skilled developer, with strong programming knowledge and experience of C++, Java, C#, .NET, Android, python, SQL, Matlab, pySpark, and others. I take in new things rapidly and am keen to learn new technologies and put my knowledge into practice. I am highly goal oriented.,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Computer Science, Modelling, Optimisation, and Science. Strong engineering professional with a PhD Degree focused in Numerical analysis and Computational Linear Algebra.
Award-winning researcher and engineer with around 5 years experience processing natural language understanding (NLP) for assistant robot, chatbot, live streaming.  Expertise in observing features / distribution in text , public opinion analysis,  abnormal detection; building knowledge graph, statistic models, text mining and reasoning; leading project and co-working with cross-functional teams and A/B testing.  Participate of NLP contests including “Kaggle” and “2020 Formosa Grand Challenge-Talk to AI”. Got 1 patent on abnormal detection  Experience in NLP, AI, Text Mining, Multilingual lexicalized Semantic network and  Ontology.  NLP Engineer Semantic Web Ontology Text Mining Assistant Robot Multilingual Knowledge Graph Public Opinion Analysis A/B Testing and Model Analytics Kaggle
Experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history working with large scale data for clients across the world. Broad range of experience from client facing insight roles to technically challenging research and development projects.  Available for contracting work from July.
PhD is a Senior data scientist and AI/machine learning engineer with a multidisciplinary educational background who can combine research and business together.   He is good at programming in Python and R as well as working with various open sources AI frameworks and cloud computing platforms including Azure, Google cloud, AWS, IBM etc. He is also familiar with SQL, Javascript, Java, Swift as well as AI software/application development, data engineering and big data architecture within industry 4.0  concept.   Nasir worked at various agencies/enterprises/industries dealing with finance/banking, energy, infrastructure, real estate, environment, space/satellite, car manufacturing, Food-Pharma and process. He holds PhD in Genetics from Aarhus University in Denmark, MSc from Uppsala University in Sweden and vocational certificates in Software/Mobile Application Development from Nackademin in Sweden.    Nasir has a futurist mindset and clear vision of 'growth hacking’ with AI and Cognitive technologies.
Skilled in Python, SQL, Excel, and BI/data visualization tools such as Tableau. Experience in data solutions, strategy, analysis, and project management for market research and media industries. Continuously boosting my skills in Machine Learning and Data Science.  GitHub Profile:
Data scientist and applied mathematician with a Ph.D. in quantitative pharmacology. I'm currently working on optimizing the production and distribution of district heating in Stockholm
Looking for a full-time position in data science or machine learning field starting on Summer or Fall 2020. Aiming for a challenging opportunity to expand my learning, knowledge, and skills in the professional environment. Looking forward to utilizing my technical skills in computer science and machine learning for the growth of the organization. Hold a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science from Universitas Indonesia and currently working on my master’s thesis at KTH Royal Institute of Technology. A strong engineering professional experienced in working as a Data Scientist in the computer software industry. Skilled in Python, R, SQL, Java, Spark, and Data Analysis.  Check out my repositories on GitHub
