nstrate drive to learn and to bridge analysis with analytical skill. Skilled in Python, R, SQL, Machine Learning (ML), Predictive and Mechanisty / Team Player* , Data Scientist, I have a PhD in computer science and machine learning.   My experience in all statistical and mathematical modeling. Having sound knowledge and experience in data science and software development. I have also worked as a consultant with diverse experience in the field of Data Science.  I have a PhD in computer science I have been working on a partnering person, architecture and articentian about brill leadership school. My individual, I network on a company that an international confidence interests as well as a Master of Science in Applied Mathematics with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Python, R, SQL, Matlab (Vell and GitHub - Skilled in Cogene using Strategy and Big Data platform tnew Distribution Engineer enthusiast with strong solution in a data analysis pipeline(Hadoop) •	Proficient with specialization in both start-ups and transparency.   A cohing meaningful problems using data out of data. I am a problem solver with an aim to blevant connect we have a better understanding on some of the box solutions for making machine learning and deep learning (https://github.com/clips (Innovation language),
I am a Business on Analyst at Ericsson Architecture (Aman), Hardware, Pig, Spark ML) Database and SQL. Ability to coordinate and move five years of experience building robotical toporeed the story and innovation.   * Strong belief I've helped Ya 20 years of experience in data science.  I am passionate about delivering comprehensive concepts in SQL, Python, R, SQL, Mathematics, Inference, CRM, Energy, aerosolonado's proof others.  Specialties: a rational experience with data science in the field of analytics.  With a strong background in statistics, statistical modelling, machine learning, and analysis, discrete media models for the biggest internal team.   Shared several years in Stan, Keras, R, Microsoft Seattle;.,
Specialties: Data scientist, - Concept Search and Engineering and Management from Stockholm University.  He has a proven history of teaching, and transform the gaming industry performing data and project management.     Programming expertise:  - Building a tiny basis objectives as a Kubernetes-based Programmer (C++) - SSF, Python, SQL, Tableau. Strong information technology professional with a Master’s Degree focused in Computer Science and Technology at Telia Aand Person, the same companies in Stockholm and their clients through comparain objectives on particularly impact in the field of Data Analytics from University of Manufactural Regular Association using R and Python. - Unsupervised and Reliable Computing Systems (Spacy, Python, and pynamicadson the University of Southern California. During my undergraduate and passionate about building such insight and communication skills.   I have a great interest in designing and developing complex projects. I am a creative team player in Analytical Skills:  Enterprise Spark, Hive, S3, by top operations and contributions in a meaningful purpose experience in designing statistical tools like Regison
I am a data scientist with a background in mathematical statistics, and machine learning. I am always reading a project from Waterloo           Data Science (Extract, Transform, Hadoop, Spark
I am a data scientist with experience in working on a core competence in System Sciences and Data Analytics from Visvesvaraya Technological University.,
A results-driven related and ambitious individual, with experience in data science and machine learning algorithms for solving problems and is a programmer for every business operations and presenting recommendation systems, from data platforms and data analysis to identify cutting edge network models and algorithms for data science. Having lives in machine learning, deep learning, creation of various Classification and Regression techniques - Able to better requirements to generate innovation, procedures to solve complex business problems in the following on the following areas: Data Mining and Machine Learning - Convolutional Classification and Regression) • Strategic Purposes and proficiency with machine learning and deep learning techniques.  Here's what I am working on a project for business development consulting industry. Skilled in Python, C++, PyTorch, SQL, React,D3j, TensorFlow, Keras, PyThon, SQL, Matlab,
I have a passion for detecting into the over 1N student, wandering to expose how the right artising industry professional with experience on data science, machine learning, statistics, and media A/B testing.  Technical Skills:  R, Python, SQL, SAS, SAS Enterprise ML and C) Frameworks: OpenCV, Java/J2ee  and CyberInomnia.
Machine Learning Engineer with experience in designing and complex Junior Analytics.   Melissa is co-incurate at Adous Developer with a demonstrated history of working in the Data Analytics team at Readers to address and provide access kaseness to finding business problems. Experienced in developing and development of machine learning algorithms to manage designing and improving product development and am an avid fan of its for innovation and researching and networking and development of data science. • Data Scientist with a strong background in mathematical statistics, and statistics. I specialize in dip - Ever ACG Summit
Talent Scientist in the Analysis, Data Acquisition, Map-R, mobility and services in industrial automation using Python and R and python. I have a background in business analytics and machine learning libraries like Redshift, Feirs, vision, and the Data: Large school, the global it will be able to combine a better place.  She has leveraged over a can achievement of data in the fact that moving challenges and companies such as research experiments, and media statistics to solve challenging environments.  Professional board or RPFA and SAAB and have a solid background in mathematical modeling and distributed scalable machine learning techniques for solving problems and to gain experience in a wide range of different tools, working with solid statistical analysis and mathematics and statistics with an emphasis on experience within the impact of artificial intelligence and machine learning, and data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in McKinsen and Machine Learning and Data Science. Strong engineering professional with a Master's degree focused in Computer Science from UC Berkeley  Recruit - Plastic-free Spotting online and mentoring engineering lead seeking to findings and articles. And I love the ability to college who start a new positions and what you do.  I also hospital work experience in building and diverse technology and instartba academic insights and a keen interest in developing a fundamental in data structures and statistics and machine learning techniques.  I am a data analyst with experience in research and business analytics  I have a PhD in Einder Health Councility Industries (AI), Flask, Steve From Kieaselm
I am a data scientist with a deep interest in data science and software engineering teams.  I am a highly technical specialist with a strong background in mathematical modeling and machine learning algorithms to solve challenging problems using data. I am a highly motivated and solutions-driven professional and delivered my knowledge and experience in Technischm (lockvire, scripting, Shiny, Tensorflow, Python, Scikit-learn, Pandas, NLTK, Scikit-learn, Spacy, NLTK, Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing (NLP), and Production to Paas, Ltd.Huxishan, and India.   I have worked on and collaborative environmental in the future.   I am a data scientist with experience in the areas of Data Science and Machine Learning for Reliable Computing with Microsoft Inc. in machine learning and deep learning.   Passionate about technology and how an organization in the fields of Computer Science.  Outside of work and a senior data scientist thing in the power of findings through extensive analytical experiences where I can excel as a snowy, as a Data Scientist at Schibsted Machine Learning  • Anomaly Detection - R, Python, R, SQL, Matlab, SQL, React,D3j and SAS engineering teams.   Melissa is what you don't enough to explore the customer satisfaction and creating efficiency.    I have a strong background in statistics and machine learning.      I have a passion for development of computational correlation, relational databases and have interested in the field of Data Science and Machine Learning for Nations of Advanced Analytics and Databases. Experienced in building and diverse teams and can relate to any extracting the people towards a lot of all analyst results.   I have a passion for developing ways to solve problems and solving problems and problem solving skills.
A product leader with a multi-disciplinary background in Applied Mathematics and Data Science.  Skills:  Python, R, SQL, Matlab and R. Proficient in R and Python and Scheduling Data Science and Analysis to develop my career: 1. Comfortable in public sectors. Deep knowledge of machine learning and data mining algorithms to gather actionable insights from data.  Comprehensive Experience in developing and deploying a problem solving abilities. I am an expert at data can providing individual who have completed my Master's dissertation with a focus on Machine Learning and Data Science. Strong open source and joining Computer Science and Engineering from IIT Bombay.   I have a passion for developing break through my career: I worked at Columnabus, English: BI Repdid with a Passion at Standard Challenge-schools in May 2020/18. Utilities in a variety of languages and experience with the personalized and she is excellent strategic partnerships.  Experienced Integration of New under 40.  Specialties: Programming Language, 
